April is the fourth month of the year with 30 days.
August is the eighth month of the year.
The word art is used to describe some activities or creations of human beings that have importance to the human mind, regarding an attraction to the human senses.
A is 1st letter of the alphabet.
Air means Earth's atmosphere.
Spain is divided in 17 parts called autonomous communities.
Alan Mathison Turing  was an English mathematician and computer scientist.
Alanis Nadine Morissette  is a Grammy Award-winning Canadian-American singer and songwriter.
"Adobe Illustrator" is a computer program for making graphic design and illustrations.
Andouille is a sort of pork sausage.
Farming is the growing of crops or keeping of animals by people for food and raw materials.
Arithmetic is what we call working with numbers.
Addition is the mathematical way of putting things together.
Australia is a continent in the Southern Hemisphere between the Pacific Ocean and the Indian Ocean.
American English or U.S.
Aquaculture is the farming of fish, shrimp, and algae.
An abbreviation is a shorter way to write a word or phrase.
In many religions, an angel is a good spirit.
Ad hominem is a Latin term.
Native Americans  are those people who were in North America, Central America, South America, and the Caribbean Islands when the Europeans came there.
An apple is a kind of fruit.
People use the term Abrahamic Religion for a number of religions that recognise Abraham as an important person.
Algebra is a part of mathematics  that helps show the general links between numbers and math operations  used on the numbers.
In other words, you can say more generally what an idiom or metaphor says: for example, "battle of the sexes" is both a metaphor and an idiom that suggests "love as war".
An atom is the most simple type of particle that makes up matter.
Astronomy is the study of planets, stars, galaxies, and other objects found in outer space.
Architecture is the design of structures; how they are built.
Anatomy is the study of the bodies of living beings .
An asteroid is like a planet, but smaller.
Afghanistan  is a country located in South Asia.
Angola is a country in Africa.
Argentina or the República Argentina, is a country in south South America.
Austria , officially "Republic of Austria", is a country in Central Europe.
Armenia is a country in the Caucasus region of Europe.
Archaeology is the study of the past by looking for the remains and relics  left by the people who lived before us.
The word application has several uses.
Animalia is the name of the animal kingdom.
Animals are living things.
Acceleration is a measure of how fast velocity changes.
Basic English is a made-up language written by Charles Kay Ogden.
Black pudding is an English name for blood sausage.
A boot device makes a computer work.
A boot is a type of footwear that protects the foot and ankle.
Anything that does not have enough money to pay all of its debt is insolvent.
Breakfast sausage is a type of fresh pork sausage made from seasoned ground meat mixed with bread crumbs.
Beekeeping or apiculture is the farming of honeybees.
British English is the kind of English language which is used in the United Kingdom.
The word being means the same as "person".
Beijing  is the capital of the People's Republic of China.
A bottle is a small container used to carry liquids.
The word berry is used for many different kinds of small fruits that has many seeds and can be eaten.
To boil water is to make it hot so that it begins to make bubbles and turns into steam.
A beard is the hair growing on the lower part of a man's face.
In light, Black is lack of all color.
The Bubonic plague is a very deadly disease.
Biology is the science of life and living things, like plants, animals, fungi , and bacteria.
Botany is a science.
Belgium  is a country in Europe.
Brazil is a country in South America.
Britain is often used as a short name for the United Kingdom .
Chemistry [kem'-ihs-tree] is the science of "chemical elements" and "compounds", and how these things work together.
Computer science is the science of how to treat information.
A Computer is a machine that manipulates data according to a set of instructions.
Chinese means from or about the country of China, especially a person from China or one of the languages of China.
A continent is a large area of the land on Earth that is joined together.
The Greek classical elements are fire, air, water, and earth.
China  is an ancient region in Asia.
In geography, a country is a political division.
Colchester is a town in the northern part of the English county of Essex.
Cartography is making maps.
A Creator is a person who creates something.
A contact network is a group of people who can all quickly get in touch with each other.
A creative network is a loose group of people creating something in art or science or business.
Chorizo is a pork  sausage which people first made in Spain.
Creativity  is the ability of a person to be creative, take part in creating, or be useful in a creative network of other people.
The Cathar faith was a version of Christianity.
Cosmology is the study of "all that is".
A church is a "building" where people, , come together to worship.
A city is a place where many people live together.
To cook food is to make it ready to eat by heating it.
To chat is to talk about ordinary things that are not very important.
Some are expensive, maybe old, mostly painted by hand; a few people collect such cups, and do not use them.
A crime is when a person does something that is against the laws of a country.
Time Cube is a website created by Gene Ray.
The Census of Marine Life is a ten year survey of life in the oceans, starting in 2000.
Maize  is a member of the grass family "Poaceae".
Civics is the study of government.
Calculus is the part of mathematics which looks at things that change over time.
A coin is normally a round piece of metal that is used as currency.
A conceptual metaphor is a metaphor that is used very often without being stated clearly.
The crust of a piece of bread is the edge where it is harder and darker.
A comedy is a kind of play , television show or a movie that is funny, silly, or that makes people laugh.
A comet is a ball of mostly ice that moves around in outer space.
Cytology is the study of the cells, the small parts that make up all living things, and their effects on each other and their environment.
A Christian is a person who believes in Christianity, a monotheistic religion.
Cheese is a solid food made from milk.
The constitution of a country  is a special type of law that tells how its government is supposed to work.
A circle is a round two-dimensional shape, such as the letter "o".
Capitalise  or capitalize  means to make one or more characters upper case.
Cuba is a country in the Caribbean sea.
A cube is a block with all right angles and whose height, width and depth are all the same.
Cost of Living is the amount of money it costs just to live in a certain place.
December is the twelfth and last month of the year, with 31 days.
Dublin is the capital city of the Republic of Ireland.
Dance is when people move their body to music.
The Dissolution of the monasteries was an event that happened from 1536 to 1540, when English King Henry VIII took away things that the Roman Catholic church owned.
A deadline is a time by which some task must be completed.
Dutton Speedwords is an auxiliary language.
Division is an arithmetic operation used to find out how many times a number will go into another number.
In some religions, a devil is a bad spirit that tries to create problems for people.
Diarrhea , also spelled diarrhoea, is feces that are runny or liquid.
A dimension is a measure of the size of something.
Distance is how far one thing is from another thing.
A dictionary is a book which explains the meanings of words.
A definition is an exact word or phrase of the meaning, nature, or limits of something.
Denmark is a country in northern Europe.
These are just some of the ways in which life forms die.
A diesel-electric engine burns diesel or biodiesel fuel.
A foreign embassy is the official office of one country in the capital of another country.
Europe is a continent, the western part of Eurasia.
An encyclopedia  is a collection  of information about things humans know.
Earth science is a term that refers to sciences related to the planet Earth.
orbit: 149,600,000 km  from Sun Earth is the third planet from the Sun.
Et cetera means "and the rest" in Latin.
An experiment is a test of an idea invented by someone, usually a scientist.
Ideas about ethics.
E Prime  is a way of speaking English without using the verb "to be" in any way .
"Einstein on the Beach" is an opera written by the minimalist composer Philip Glass and theater director and designer Robert Wilson.
An ethnic group is a group of people who are considered to be the same in some way.
Ebola, pronounced E- Bo-la, is a "hemorrhagic fever" virus.
Ecology is the science that studies the interactions of organisms with their environment and with one another.
Economics is the study of how people make choices to satisfy their wants.
A chemical element is a substance that cannot be divided into smaller chemical parts.
Egypt is a country in northeast Africa.
Everything2 or E2 is a website.
To edit a document means to change the order of words or pictures, or add new words or pictures, usually so that the edited product better represents what the editor, the person doing the editing, meant to show.
Ecological yield is the harvestable growth of an ecosystem.
The experience economy is the intangible service economy that customers experience directly.
Execution is where state authorities kill someone for having committed an extremely serious crime, usually treason or special-circumstance murder.
The Flesch Reading Ease measures textual difficulty, which indicates how easy a text is to read.
The Flesch-Kincaid Reading level measures textual difficulty and tells you the grade level of a text.
February is the second month of the year with 28 days in most years.
FAQ is an abbreviation for "Frequently Asked Question".
Freedom, for people, means not being owned or controlled by anyone else.
Financial capital is a form of capital.
Fecund universes is a multiverse theory of Lee Smolin.
Food is material of animal or plant origin, eaten by living things to provide energy and nutrition.
The word fine is used in English with two very different meanings.
To fry food is to cook it in hot butter or vegetable oil.
A fish  is a kind of animal that lives in water, and breathes the oxygen in the water instead of air using gills, which are special flaps that let them breathe in water.
A foot  is a body part on the end of a leg.
France , officially the French Republic  is a country in Europe.
Finland  is a country in Northern Europe and is a member state of the European Union.
Fruit is a type of food that is not always something one is able to eat.
A farm is a piece of land used to grow plants and/or raise animals for food.
 Description .
The word good can be an adjective that means something that is wanted.
Goodness can mean that something is good, or it can mean the amount that something is good.
Grammar refers to the rules about how to speak and write well in a language.
The Great Lakes are five very big lakes in eastern North America.
The GNU Free Documentation License  is a copyleft license for open content.
Glass is a hard material that can be made in many shapes.
God as a proper noun is the word most commonly used to refer to the ultimate power across all religions.
A ghost is considered to be the spirit of a dead person.
Green is a color.
A special case of the last is in a wiki with a GodKing.
Google is one of the biggest and most famous websites for finding things  on the World Wide Web .
A gallon is a unit of measurement used to measure volume.
A government is a group of people that has the power to rule in a territory, according to the law.
"For the automobile, see Ford Galaxy." A galaxy is a group of many stars including gas, dust, and dark matter.
Geometry is a kind of mathematics used to work with shapes.
Graph Theory is about analyzing Graphs.
A goatee is a beard formed by a tuft of hair under the chin, resembling that of a billy goat.
__NOTOC__ .
Herm is the smallest of the Channel Islands that is open to the public.
History is the study of the past.
Health is having "everything" we need to be happy.
Harbour means to shelter or keep safe.
Hawaii is a U.S.
Honolulu is the capital city of the U.S.
The Island of Hawai'i is the largest of the U.S.
"Hawai`i Pono`i" is the state song of Hawaii.
Healing is a process that happens in the body.
People have lived in Australia for more than 50,000 years.
Spain is a country located in Europe.
Height is the distance between the lowest end and highest end of an object.
A historian is someone who studies history.
Human death is the end of sharable human personal experience - if anything happens to us after death, we are not able to clearly communicate it.
The human body is the body of a person.
Hydrogen is a chemical element.
Helium is a chemical element.
The home page of a web site is the document that a web server sends to another computer's web browser application when it has been contacted without a request for specific information.
Hair is something that grows from the skin of mammals.
Ireland is an island of Europe off the west coast of the European mainland.
The Internet is a worldwide network of interconnected computer networks that transmit data by packet switching using the standard Internet Protocol .
Italy is a country in western Europe and a member of the European Union.
If is a word to describe a statement where one thing depends on something else.
An island is a piece of ground that is surrounded by water.
Immigrants are people who move to another country or region than their own to live there.
Interim means "in between" or "transitional" , or "temporary." .
An idiom is a word or phrase which means something different from what it says - it is usually a metaphor.
The International English Language Testing System  tests how good you are at English language.
Ink is a liquid that we use to write, draw, print, or make marks.
The word Indian means from or about the country of the modern Republic of India or Bharat.
The inch is the basic unit of length or distance in the English system.
The pint is the name of a unit of liquid measurement in some countries.
ISO 19011 is the new global accounting standard, replacing accounting standards that were part of ISO 14001 and ISO 9001.
India is a country in Asia.
An insult is a description of someone that will offend them.
Immunology is the study of the immune system.
Infinity, also written formula_1, is larger than any number that can possibly be imagined.
January is the first month of the year in the Julian and Gregorian calendars.
June is the sixth month of the year; it has 30 days.
July is the seventh month of the year with 31 days.
Japan  is a country in Asia.
Jargon is a special way to use words that are shared only by a certain group of people.
Jesus  was the man whose life and teachings started the Christian religion.
Jupiter (pronounced is the largest planet in the Solar System.
Judaism is one of the oldest religions on Earth.
A king is a male who rules a country because of inheritance.
Knowledge means the "things someone knows", such as information they have learned.
Kauai  is the oldest and fourth largest of the main Hawaiian Islands, in the United States.
Kaho'olawe is the smallest of the 8 main volcanic islands in the Hawaiian Islands, in the United States.
The act of killing a living thing can be said to have happened when an outside force, usually another life form, has done something to cause it to die.
The kilometre is the common unit of longer distances on Earth.
but human language is the key meaning of "language." Some people discuss "animal languages," but others do not agree and say that "animal languages" are not clear or meaningful enough to be 'true' languages.
Leisure  is when a person can choose what to do.
Live can be an adjective.
Note that many individual organisms are not able to reproduce and yet are still generally considered to be "alive"; see mule and ant for examples.
The law is a system of rules that people are supposed to follow in a society or a country.
Ludovic Lazarus  Zamenhof  was a Jewish-Polish eye doctor and scholar who created the international language Esperanto.
__NOTOC__ A.
Canada's land is composed of thirteen parts: ten provinces and three territories.
Las Vegas is a city in the American state of Nevada.
Lana'i is sixth largest of the Hawaiian Islands, in the United States.
A leap year comes once every four years.
Leather is the skin of an animal, used as a material.
In British English spelling a licence gives permission  something.
A link is a part of a chain.
A library is a place where many books are kept.
As works in the same way as example 2 - comparing two things using either the word "like" or the word "as" is called making a simile .
This is a list of common elements .
There are 23 provinces in China.
Legislature is a word that comes from the Latin language, meaning "those who write the laws." The legislature of a state or country is a group of people, each of whom got his or her office either by winning an election or by being appointed, to vote for the best laws.
Linear algebra describes ways to solve and manipulate  systems of linear equations.
London is the capital of England and the United Kingdom, and also the largest city of United Kingdom.
A litre  is the metric unit of volume.
A lens is a piece of glass or clear  plastic that changes the way things look, when you look at them through the lens.
Lime is a word to refer to various fruit trees.
Mathematics is the study of numbers, patterns, and shapes.
March is the third month of the year with 31 days.
May is the fifth month of the year with 31 days.
Music is an art that puts sounds together in a way that people like or find interesting.
Madrid is the capital and largest city of Spain and is home to five million people.
Montreal  is a city in the country of Canada.
The macadamia nut is the fruit of a tree that first came from the east coast of Australia.
Maui is the second largest of the Hawaiian Islands, in the United States.
Moloka'i is the fifth largest island in the U.S.
Money is what people use to buy things and "services"  - and what they take for selling their own things or services  There are many kinds of money in the world.
Multiplication is an arithmetic operation for finding the "product" of two numbers.
Microsoft Corporation is a very big company which makes computer software and videogames all over the world.
The Islamic World consists of all people who are in Islam.
A multiverse  is the set of multiple possible universes, including our universe, which comprise reality.
Believers in this paradigm sometimes say that those who do not believe in it are following a cognitive paradigm - but almost no one uses this term, since it is redundant - cognitive science is already accepted as the most basic idea in the philosophy of science.
MediaWiki is the name of the software that runs all of the Wikimedia projects.
A first language is the language that a person learned as a baby, normally from his or her parents.
Most sciences create and use models of nature.
The hair that grows on the upper lip of some men is called a mustache.
A mile is one of several measures of distance.
Margarine is an artifical butter.
The Milky Way is the galaxy that our Sun and we live in.
Movement, or motion, is the state of changing something's position--that is, changing where something is.
Metaphor is language we use to compare things, but without using "like" or "as" - because that would be a simile.
Metabolism is the system of chemical activities by which a living thing gets power  from other things such as food.
A microscope is a scientific instrument that makes things normally too small to see look bigger, so they can be seen better and examined correctly.
Mass is the amount of matter in a body.
orbit: 57,910,000 km  from Sun Mercury is the nearest planet in the Solar System to the Sun.
orbit: 227,940,000 km  from Sun Mars is the fourth planet from the Sun in our Solar System.
Released in 1984, the Macintosh Operating System or Mac OS is the operating system that allows a Macintosh computer to boot  and operate.
An Apple Macintosh or just Mac is a type of computer.
A metre  is the basic unit of length in the SI measurement system.
A magnifying glass is a lens through which you can look to make things appear bigger, so you can see them better.
A molecule is the smallest amount of a chemical substance that can exist.
Moral reasoning is a topic studied in psychology and in moral philosophy.
A mosque is a place of Muslim worship.
Mammals are a group of vertebrate animals.
Numbers are also used for other things besides counting.
A numeral is a written symbol that represents the value of a "number".
November is the eleventh month of the year.
A national anthem is a song that the people of a country use to remember and respect their country.
Name is a word  given to things and people.
Niihau is the smallest of the inhabited islands of Hawaii, in the United States.
The Néné, or Hawaiian Goose, "Branta sandvicensis" is a species of goose found only on some of the Hawaiian islands.
A network is a group of things that are connected together using some form of talking or other communication to stay together.
Nets are woven traps usually used to catch fish.
Internet slang is slang words which are used on the Internet.
A noun is a kind of word  that is usually the name of a person, place, thing, quality, or idea.
The word nature is used for all the things that aren't made by humans.
A Natural resource is a thing people can use which comes from Nature: people do not make it themselves.
Negentropy is reverse entropy.
North America is a continent in the Northern half of Earth, located to the east of the Pacific Ocean, the West of the Atlantic Ocean, the South of the Arctic Ocean, and the North of South America.
Neptune ,  is the eighth and last planet from the Sun in the Solar System.
The Nearctic Ecozone includes most of North America.
Negative is a word that has at least three separate meanings.
No One is an English idiom meaning "no person" or "no body".
Now is the time span between the past and the future.
New York City is the largest city in the United States.
October is the tenth month of the year and it has 31 days.
Of is a preposition used in the English language to show a possessive relationship.
One  is a natural number after zero and before two.
O Canada is the national anthem of Canada.
Oahu is the third largest of the Hawaiian Islands, in the United States.
Open Content is when someone creates something and allows others to copy it or make changes without having to ask for permission.
Orthography, or spelling, is the correct order and combination of letters put together to form words.
The word oil is used for many different kinds of liquids.
OK is a word in the English language.
An oxymoron is made up of two or more words that seem to be opposite to each other, or actually are opposite.
An operating system is what is needed to run the programs on a computer.
A philosophy is a way of thinking about the world, the universe, and about people.
Physics is the science of matter and how matter interacts.
Politics are the way that people living in groups make decisions.
A value  usually means an abstract rule, one that can be seen to apply in many experiences, or can be applied by choice in a lot of situations.
Profanity is the act of using rude words.
The People's Republic of China   is a communist country in eastern Asia.
A power structure is a system to decide who can decide, and for how long their decision stands, and who can be forced to comply with their decision.
Psychoneuroimmunology or mind-body medicine is a view of medicine and health.
A political party is an organized group of voters.
A pet is a domesticated animal that lives with people, but is not forced to work and is not eaten, in most instances.
The term Program can be used in many ways.
Platonic realism  is the philosophical idea that one must try to know about perfect things, even though you know that they do not exist and may not be able to be understood.
A paradox is a sentence in logic that cannot be true but also cannot be false.
A potato is a kind of vegetable, or the vegetable that grows this fruit.
Plants are living things.
A prediction is a statement that someone makes about what they think is going to happen.
Probability is a part of mathematics.
A probability experiment is a situation where chance affects the outcome.
Proteins are large molecules built from small units known as amino acids.
The periodic table of the chemical elements is a list of known atoms .
Physiology is the study of how living things function and the processes involved.
A planet is a large object such as Earth or Jupiter that orbits a star.
orbit: 5,913,520,000 km  from the Sun  Pluto is a dwarf planet in our Solar System.
The People's Republic of China claims that the island of Taiwan is part of its territory, but the Republic of China  still controls it.
The Police  are a government organization that is given special authority to enforce  their government's laws against different crimes.
pi is the number found when the distance around a circle  is divided by the distance between opposite ends of the circle .
A proper noun is a noun that has the first letter capitalized.
A plastic is a material that can change its shape, so many things can be made of plastic.
Product stewardship includes waste disposal measures in the distribution chain of an industrial product.
Peace is a time without any fights or wars.
Quebec  is a province in Eastern Canada.
Reading is a way of getting information from something that is written.
Religion is a word for the ideas about the basic structure of the world that people cannot see or know with our other senses, or that scientists cannot study with machines.
The Romans are the people of the city of Rome in Italy.
Joseph Rudyard Kipling  was an English author and poet.
Recreation or fun is the use of time refreshing to one's body or mind.
Red is the color that is on the outside edge of the rainbow.
Foods are raw when they are not cooked.
"For Roman emperors, see Roman emperors." The Roman Empire was a very big empire with its capital in Rome, ruled by an emperor.
A regime is the leader and other people who run a government of a sovereign state.
A river is a stream of water that flows through a "channel"  in the surface of the ground.
A right angle is an angle with a measurement of 90 degrees.
A reward is getting something good for doing a given task.
A ranch is a large farm where animals such as cows, horses or sheep are raised.
A sport utility vehicle  is a type of vehicle that can carry lots of passengers, like a station wagon or minivan.
Substance ["sub'-stuns"] is the material, or "matter", of which something is made.
A symbol is a drawing, shape, or object that represents an idea, object, or amount of something.
September is the ninth month of the year with 30 days.
We can define a sound wave as a disturbance which travels through some medium.
Society is the term to describe human beings together .
A suggestion is an idea that one suggests, or says is good for another  to follow.
Spache Readability Formula is one method of finding out how hard a piece of writing is .
A sport is an activity that has rules and usually requires physical activity, like running.
Science is a way to find out things.
Spain is a country in the southwest of Europe.
The Saint Lawrence River is a big river in eastern North America.
Seville  is a big city in the South of Spain, in Europe.
Salami is a sausage that first came from Italy.
Special English is a simple form of the English language used by a public radio station called Voice of America, run by United States government in daily Special English programs.
Sausage is a food made of ground-up or chopped-up meat.
Slang is jargon used by the general public.
A social contract is an agreement to follow certain rules.
Social capital is the willingness of people to help each other.
A site is a real fixed physical location where something will or has happened or a place where something is.
Subtraction is the arithmetic operation for finding the difference between two numbers.
String theory is a scientific theory that uses complicated mathematics and physics to try to explain how the universe works.
A scientist is a person who works in science.
A soapbox is a temporary platform used to give a speech.
The word supernatural is used for things that some people believe are real, but that are not part of nature.
In many religions, a spirit is considered to be the part of a being that is not the body.
A seed is the part of a plant that the plant makes that can grow into a new plant, by planting near another plant.
A sail is a large piece of cloth on the top of some boats.
Skin is the outside covering of animals.
A Search engine is a web site on the World Wide Web  of the Internet that helps us to quickly and easily find the web pages we want.
The Shabbat day has its origins in Creation, when God made the Earth for six days, and stopped work on the seventh day.
Statistics is a way to collect and analyze measurements.
Speed is the distance that an object moves in a certain amount of time.
A server log records what is happening on a server at any time.
In net jargon  a server is a computer that serves many things from user, or client machines.
There are different forms of government a state can have,for example a republic, or a monarchy.
A stream is a natural flow of water moving across country between banks.
The Solar System is the astronomical name for the Sun and the collection of planets, comets and other objects moving around it.
orbit: 1,429,400,000 km  from Sun Saturn is the sixth planet from the Sun.
Slavery  is a system where people, called slaves, must work with little or no pay for their work.
Many philosophies and religions say that a soul is the part of a living human being which is supernatural and lives after death.
Most kinds of soap are chemical compounds containing sulfates.
A summary is a short version of something, for instance a movie or a book or an article.
A service is a job or work done for someone else.
When a word has several meanings, one can refer to it as being used "in the sense of..." some context or other.
A synagogue is a place where Jews meet to worship and pray to God.
Scarcity in economics is used to describe the lack of various forms of capital.
What textual tests do is give people an idea about the density of their writing.
Theatre , or Theater , has several meanings.
This is a demonstrative pronoun used to identify a noun.
A test is a way of checking something to see if it is true or if it works.
A time horizon is a future point in time when something must be "done"  or will be "over" .
A time limit is a time horizon that is imposed on everyone at once.
Taiwan  is a democratic island country, officially known as the Republic of China  in East Asia.
A trademark  is a way for a business to help people to know the things the business makes.
In ecology, a terrestrial ecoregion is a certain area of land which is different from the area near it.
According to the Old Testament, the Ten Commandments were rules for life given by God to the Jews at Mt.
A table is a piece of furniture with a flat top supported by one or more legs.
A tree is a tall plant with a trunk and branches made of wood.
A tragedy is a sad thing.
Taxonomy is a science.
A temple is a building where people go to practice their religion.
Theft is a crime.
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, usually shortened to the United Kingdom or UK, is a sovereign state in northwest Europe.
In astronomy, the universe is "everything out there".
When something is unprofitable, it means that there is no profit being made.
Measurement is a process to attach a numerical value to an observation.
U.S customary units are those used to measure things in the United States.
Uranus is the seventh planet from the Sun in the Solar System.
A university is a place like a school.
The value of something is how much it is worth.
Volapük is a constructed language created in 1880 by Johann Martin Schleyer.
Vocabulary means a list of words.
A vacation is some time, usually between a week and a month, when people do not have to go to work, but get paid.
Vegetable oils are a kind of oil made from many different plants.
A verb is a kind of word  that usually tells about an action or a state and is the main part of a sentence.
The volume of an object describes how much physical space it takes up using the three dimensions of width, depth, and height.
"This article is about the planet Venus.
The Vatican City is the smallest country in the world  and it is an enclave of Italy because it is surrounded by the city of Rome.
Velocity or speed is a measure of how fast something is moving.
A virtual community is a group of people who share an interest or set of views.
World War I was a war fought by a lot of countries, which is why it is called a "world" war.
The World Wide Web  is the part of the Internet that contains websites and webpages.
A wiki is a type of website that lets anyone create and edit its pages.
A website is a set of webpages that are joined together.
A word is something spoken by the mouth, that can be pronounced.
A web browser is a computer program that lets people find and read web pages on the Internet.
World War II was a war fought between the Allies and the Axis Powers.
A webpage is part of a website.
Wiktionary is a wiki that creates a dictionary, or a group of meanings for words, for all words in all languages.
Microsoft Windows is an operating system made by Microsoft.
A window is an opening in a wall of a building, in a car etc., to let air and light in.
The Wikimedia Foundation is a non-profit foundation in the United States that coordinates many projects using the wiki idea, and the MediaWiki software.
Wine is an alcoholic drink.
In mathematics, we call the distance between the end of an object farthest to the left and the end of an object farthest to the right its width.
Water is the most common liquid on Earth.
A want is a wish or a desire for something.
A web server is a computer with a boot device or other disk containing a web site.
"For the 1970s funk band, see War ." War is any fighting involving the organized use of weapons and harmful force between countries or other large-scale groups.
Yiddish is a language at first a dialect of the German language that Jews began to use in Europe about one thousand years ago.
One year is about 365 days long .
You is a second-person English pronoun.
The Chinese language is the language used by Chinese in China and elsewhere.
Zero is a special number.
Zoology is a science.
Zinc is a type of metal.
A zebra is a mammal of the "Equidae" family.
A zoological garden, zoological park, or zoo is a place where many different species  of animals are kept so people can see and watch them.
A copyright is a law that gives the owner of a written document, musical composition, book, picture, or other creative work, the right to decide what other people can do with it.
The Republic of China  )  is a democratic island country in East Asia that is known around the world by most people as Taiwan.
<--/ sorry I mistake --The supposed ""Deletor"" --> .
A jail  is a protected place where people are locked up.
A prison is an building where people who have been guilty and convicted of crimes are held.
Mexico is a big country in North America.
The Atlantic Ocean is the body of water bordered Scientists say that millions of years ago, there was only one ocean, and that most of the land in the world was joined together over where the Atlantic Ocean is now.
Mercury means more than one thing.
Mercury is a chemical element.
Africa is the second largest continent in the world.
Butter is a dairy food product, made by churning the cream obtained from whole milk.
The Cold War took place between 1945 and 1991.
Mainland China is the part of China not including the Republic of China controlling Taiwan, Kinmen, Matsu, and the Pescadores.
The endogenetic processes are the processes that shape the land by forces coming from within the earth .
The capital city  is a city where the central government of a country, or part of a country, such as a state, province, or county, is located.
A fault, strictly speaking, is a planar fracture through a rock, wherein the motion along the fracture is in the plane of the fracture.
Climate is the average weather conditions at a particular place over a long period of time.
Folding is one of the endogenetic processes.
Vulcanicity  is one of the endogenetic processes.
The Pacific Ocean is the body of water between Asia and Australia in the west, the Americas in the east, the Southern Ocean to the south, and the Arctic Ocean to the north.
Antarctica is a large continent located at the far south of the world.
The South Pole is the most southern point on the Earth.
The Indian Ocean is the ocean surrounded by Asia to the north, Australia and the Pacific Ocean to the east, the Southern Ocean to the south, and Africa and the Atlantic Ocean to the west.
The Arctic Ocean is the ocean around the North Pole.
The Inuit are one of many groups of First Nations who live in very cold places of northern Canada, Greenland, and Alaska.
A basket is a container.
Software is short for computer software.
A container is an object used for holding something.
South America is the continent located to the south of America.
A bed is a piece of furniture.
Asia is the largest continent on Earth, placed in the northern hemisphere.
A wall is a vertical dividing surface.
Coordinated Universal Time  is the standard time zone of the world.
A television  is a device  with a screen that receives broadcast signals and turns them into pictures and sound.
Sociology is the study of societies and how humans act in groups.
The Federal Republic of Germany also called Germany  is a country in the middle of Europe.
The sky is what we call the appearance of a hemisphere over our heads.
In a tone language , different tones  will change the meaning of the words, even if the pronunciation of the word is the same otherwise.
A dollar is a type of currency.
Beer is an alcoholic drink.
Eurasia is a continent in the northern part of the Earth.
The Americas is a term used to refer to the American supercontinent: the continents of North America, South America, and the isthmus of Central America.
The North Pole is the northern point of the axis around which the Earth turns.
Plural is a form of the noun that shows that there are more than one.
Alexander Gottfried Friedrich Gode-von-Aesch or simply Alexander Gode  a German-American linguist and translator.
Oceania is a name used in geography for the continent made up by Australia, New Zealand, New Guinea, and several other island nations in the surrounding area.
The Southern Ocean is a rather new term in geography.
The Catalan language is a Romance language spoken in Catalonia, Valencia, east of Aragon, Balearic Islands , Andorra, North Catalonia  and in the Italian city of L'Alguer.
Australasia was the name of the joint team of Australia and New Zealand in the 1908 London and 1912 Stockholm Olympic Games.
A corset is a body covering undergarment .
Pop music is shorter way of writing "popular music".
General semantics is a philosophy that deals with how people react to things that happen around them based on meaning.
Semiotics  is a theoretical framework for the study of the meaning of language, signs and symbols.
Nitrogen is a nonmetal chemical element.
Association football is a sport played between two teams.
"This is about unwanted email.
In an earthquake the ground moves.
Scurvy is a disease.
In chemistry, a molecule or atom that is electrically charged is called an ion.
Cognitive science studies how people make their ideas and what makes thoughts logical.
Anthropology is the study of human beings.
Defense or defence is protecting something from attack.
Education is teaching and learning skills and knowledge.
The army is the part of a country's military that fights on the ground.
To teach is to help students to learn new knowledge or skills.
Theology is the study of one or more religions.
When used in a sentence as an action, work means doing something that requires labor.
Romania  is a country that can be found in the south-eastern part of Central Europe.
Argon is a chemical element.
To trade is to willingly give things or services and get other things or services in return.
The European Union  is an economic and political union of 27 member countries in Europe, started in 1957 as the European Economic Community .
Greece , officially the Hellenic Republic , is a country in Southeastern Europe.
Sweden  is a Nordic country in the part of Europe called Scandinavia.
The word "capital" is sometimes mistaken with "capitol".
Albert Einstein  was a famous scientist.
Euro is the currency  of the countries in Eurozone.
Currency is the unit of money used by the people of a country or Union for buying and selling goods and services.
A radio telescope is like a huge satellite dish.
A light year  is not a length of time, but the distance that light will travel in one Earth year , going at the speed of light.
Korea is a nation in the eastern part of Asia.
English as an additional language  is when people study English as a new language.
Switzerland is a small country in the west of Europe.
LOL is an internet slang term that means "laugh out loud".
Toronto is the largest city in Canada.
Here are some words for small numbers.
The United States dollar, or the American dollar, is the official currency, or money, of the United States of America.
Shape of the Universe means two things.
A meteor shower is when pieces of rock and dust burn in the Earth's atmosphere.
Cats, also called domestic cat or house cat , are carnivorous  mammals, of the family "Felidae".
Engineering is the use of science and mathematics to design or make things.
Communication can be spoken  or non-spoken .
For example, a miracle under the first definition would be winning the lottery jackpot.
Kami  is a Japanese word for the spirits that are worshipped in the Shintoist religion.
Cardboard is a heavy wood-based type of paper, notable for its stiffness and durability.
The English language is the language started by tribes that moved to Britain from West Germany around 450 AD.
William Shakespeare  was an English writer.
Trier is a city at the Moselle River in Rhineland-Palatinate in Germany.
Computers can be part of several different networks.
Turkey  is a country in both Europe and Asia.
Thomm is a village near Trier  in Rhineland-Palatinate in Germany.
The Moselle River  is a river in France and Luxembourg, that becomes part of the Rhine River after the Moselle flows into Germany.
The Bible is a collection of stories of different authors.
Bavaria  is a State  of Germany.
Rome  is the capital city of Italy and the Italian region Latium.
A carnivore is an animal that eats mostly meat.
Cologne  is a city on the Rhine River in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
The Republic of Senegal  is a nation in West Africa.
Developmental biology is the study of the process by which organisms grow and develop.
Space, also known as the outer space, is the vacuum that all of the planets, stars, galaxies and other objects are in.
A natural satellite is simply called a moon.
Gravity is a force.
Centripetal force  is a type of force that acts on any body that revolves around a centre.
A treaty is a written agreement between two countries.
Luxembourg is a country in Europe.
Baden-Württemberg is a federal state in Germany.
Vienna  is the capital city of Austria.
A telescope is an important tool for astronomy.
A homonym is a word that sounds the same but has more than one meaning and is spelt differently.
A principal is a person who is in charge of something.
Peru is a country in South America.
Germany has 16 states .
Munich  is the third biggest city of Germany , and the capital of Bavaria.
Berlin is the capital city of Germany.
The 1940's happened in the 20th century, forty years after year 1900.
Hamburg or in full Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg , is a city in the north of Germany on the banks of the River Elbe, 180 km away from the North Sea.
Emphysema is a disease of the lungs.
Oxygen  is a chemical element.
Blood is a liquid found in humans and most animals.
The 1980s is the ten years from January 1, 1980 to December 31, 1989.
North Rhine-Westphalia  is the federal state  with the highest population in Germany.
A computer program is something that tells a computer what to do.
The word data means "pieces of information".
Stuttgart is a city in Germany.
Schwerin is the capital city of the state of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania.
Schwyz was one of the first cantons of Swiss canton .
Russia  is a country in Europe and Asia.
Moscow  is the capital city of Russia.
St.
Canton can mean many different things.
Saarland is a Bundesland  of Germany.
Iceland  is a country in Europe.
Christianity is a monotheistic religion .
Saarbrücken  is a German city and a district in the state of Saarland.
Saarlouis is a city in the Saarland .
Brandenburg is a state  in Germany.
Russian  is an East Slavic language.
A professor is a person who teaches at a college or university.
Slope means an area of ground that tends evenly upward or downward or the degree to which a surface tends upward or downward.
California  is a large state in the western United States.
Propaganda is information.
Topology is the study of how spaces are organized, how the objects are structured in terms of position.
Los Angeles  is a city in southern California, in the United States of America.
A census means getting information about every member of a population.
A star is a big ball in outer space that is made of very hot plasma .
Drunk driving  is the act of driving a motor vehicle  while under the effects of alcohol.
The Creative Commons is a non-profit organisation that tries to make creative work available for others to use and share.
HyperText Markup Language  makes web pages display properly on the World Wide Web.
A leg is something used to support things; to hold them up.
Industry includes all forms of economic activity.
Meaning of yellow.
Plymouth Argyle Football Club, is an English football  club.
Football is the name for many sports.
Poland  is officially called the Republic of Poland .
England is the largest of four states that form United Kingdom.
Wales  is a state of United Kingdom.
Scotland  is a state of UK.
Northern Ireland  is a state of United Kingdom and under the south of Ireland's jurisdiction as per the GFA.
Great Britain is part of the United Kingdom.
These are the English football  teams and the leagues they are in for the 2005–06 season.
The Scottish Football League is the series of leagues for Scottish football teams.
These are some French football  teams.
These are the German football teams and the leagues they played in for the 2008/09 season.
These are some Italian football teams that are or have been in the past years in the main professional division .
These are the Spanish football  teams and the leagues they played in for the 2003/04 season.
The Welsh League is a football league in Wales.
Arsenal Football Club is an English football club.
Aston Villa Football Club, is an English football club.
Birmingham City Football Club, is an English football club.
Blackburn Rovers Football Club, is an English football club.
Bolton Wanderers F.C.
Charlton Athletic Football Club, is an English football club.
Chelsea Football Club is an English football club that plays in England, starting in 1905.
Everton Football Club or Everton F.C.
Fulham Football Club, is an English football club from London.
Liverpool Football Club is an English football club.
Manchester City Football Club is an English football club.
Manchester United Football Club is a football club that plays in the English Premier League.
Middlesbrough Football Club, is an English football club.
Newcastle United Football Club is an English football club in Newcastle.
Portsmouth Football Club, is an English football club.
Tottenham Hotspur Football Club, is an English football club.
Derby County Football Club is an English football club.
Ipswich Town Football Club PLC  is an English football club.
Sunderland Association Football Club is an English football club.
West Bromwich Albion Football Club is an English football club.
West Ham United Football Club is an English football club.
Wigan Athletic Football Club is an English football club.
Wimbledon Football Club was an English football club.
Accrington Stanley Football Club is an English football club.
Telford United Football Club is an English football club.
AFC Wimbledon is an English football  club from London.
Sheffield Football Club is a football club in England.
The asteroid belt or asteroid field is an ring of small and large rocks between the orbits of Jupiter and Mars.
Essen is a German city in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Gardening is the growing of plants such as flowers, shrubs and trees as a hobby or recreation.
A democracy  is a form of government.
Games are played for fun and enjoyment.
Nebraska is a state in the center of the United States.
We use time to measure the past, the present and the future.
In physics, force is what changes or tends to change a state of rest or motion in an object.
Laboratory techniques are the techniques of handling the various pieces of apparatus.
The International System of Units is the international standard form of the metric system today.
Lake Michigan is one of the five Great Lakes in North America.
This is a list of items found in many kitchens.
A gas syringe is a tool used in a laboratory.
In chemistry, a mixture is a substance that is made up of two or more simpler substances.
Language families are groups of languages that are related to each other because they come from a common older language.
Chess is a game for two players.
Gold is a soft, heavy, dark yellowish piece of shiny metal that has been used for many thousands of years by people all over the world, for jewelry, as money, and now in tooth fillings and electronic equipment such as computers.
A century is a way to describe a length of time.
The kilogram is a metric unit that describes mass.
The second  is a unit of time, and one of the seven SI base units.
An anthropologist is a person who studies human beings and how they behave.
Orange is a color.
The Basque Country  is a region in South-West Europe, that is contained within the borders of France and Spain.
M-theory is a new idea in small-particle physics that is part of superstring theory.
Jaguar is originally a British car builder acquired by the Indian builder Tata Motors at the beginning of 2008.
Science and things that are not science  is often defined by whether they use the scientific method.
A gas is one of the states of matter.
A family is a group of people who must have consanguinity and live together.
A wave is a type of change that moves from one place to another.
A weapon is an object that can be used to attack or injure a person or animal.
A Christmas cake is a heavy cake containing much dried fruit and usually having a covering of icing.
A christmas cracker is a tube of brightly coloured paper.
A fingerplate is a plate that is fixed to a door near the handle or keyhole.
A floodlight is a large electric light.
A headrest is something which supports the head.
A inkpad is a small box that has ink on a thick piece of cloth or other material.
A jack-in-the-box is a children's toy which is a box from which a figure on a spring jumps when the top is opened.
A London Borough is a district of London.
The City of London is a district of London, capital city of England and the United Kingdom.
The City of Westminster is a London Borough.
The London Borough of Lambeth is a London Borough.
The London Borough of Southwark is a London Borough.
The London Borough of Camden is a London Borough.
The London Borough of Merton is a London Borough.
Brixton is a place in south London.
Bankside is the old part of the London Borough of Southwark.
The River Thames is a large river in England.
A queen is the female head of a royal family.
Male is one of the two sexes.
A Female is an organism that belongs to the sex that produces ova  for sexual reproduction.
Camden is a place in north London, England.
The London Borough of Greenwich is a London Borough.
The London Borough of Wandsworth is a London Borough.
The London Borough of Islington is a London Borough.
Bambuco is a type of music from Colombia.
Christmas is a Christian holiday that celebrates the birth of Jesus.
An adjective is a name for a word that modifies  a noun.
Paper is a thin sheet of fibers pressed together.
The Chinese call it chi.
There are four common states of matter  on earth: solid, liquid, plasma, and gas.
In geometry, perimeter is the distance around a flat object.
A nation is an area of land ruled by a person or group of people.
Metals are hard, shiny materials that are used a lot.
It can mean the German language.
Indonesia is a country in Southeast Asia.
Ownership.
When the Crusades happened, Muslims controlled the Holy Land.
"Renegades" is the 4th album by the music group Rage Against the Machine.
NEWI Cefn Druids Football Club  are a Welsh football  team.
Aberystwyth Town Football Club are a Welsh football  team.
The German language  deutsche Sprache") is a West Germanic language in the Indo-European language family.
The Mississippi River is the longest river in the United States.
A tributary of a river is another river that flows into it.
The Missouri River is a river in the western United States.
Many religions, ways of thinking, and creative artists have tried to figure out the Meaning of Life.
Watershed is a geographic term about rivers.
The Great Plains is a series of big plains in Canada and the United States.
A myth is a story which may or may not be true.
The Minnesota River is a river in the United States.
Mythology is the collection of myths for a culture.
The Wisconsin River is a river in the United States.
The State of Alaska is one of the states of the United States, although it is connected to Canada.
The BBC or the British Broadcasting Corporation is an organisation in the UK.
The Illinois River is a river in the United States.
Milk is a white liquid produced by mammals, for example cows, dogs, and humans.
Weather tells us what is happening in the sky above us.
British Columbia (B.C.
The 20th century is the century from the year 1901 to 2000.
Brussels  is the capital city of Belgium and the European Union.
Thuringia  is a Bundesland of Germany.
The Free State of Saxony , is one of 16 states of Germany.
Internet Explorer is a web browser created by Spyglass Inc.
Ulster is one of the four provinces which make up Ireland.
This is a list of famous mathematicians.
Mancala is a group of games played in Africa, the Middle East, and central Asia.
Coden is a small fishing village near Bayou la Batre, Alabama, USA.
The platypus  is a small mammal of the order "Monotremata".
Kenya is a country in East Africa.
Swahili language is a language widely spoken in East Africa.
A car  is a machine used for travel .
The long jump is a sport in athletics , where a athletes compete by comparing lengths of jumps.
Elizabeth II  is the Queen of sixteen independent countries and their territories.
A question is what someone asks, usually when there is something that he or she does not know.
A boss is someone who is in charge of a project or staff in a company or organization.
A gun is a machine used to shoot bullets.
A hobby is an leisure activity that people do for fun or recreation.
The World Trade Center  in New York City had several buildings.
An hour  is a unit of measurement used to measure time.
A minute is a customary unit of time, it is equal to 60 seconds and there is 60 minutes in an hour.
A coat is a piece of clothing that is worn over a person's upper body.
To study is to try to learn something.
The head is the part of the body where the brain is.
Norway is a country in the north of Europe.
Albania is a country in Southeastern Europe.
Hungary is a country in Central Europe.
The Netherlands is a country in Europe.
Ukraine  is a country in Europe.
Liechtenstein is a country in Europe.
Portugal is a country in the south-west of Europe.
Slovakia  is a country with no access to the ocean in central Europe.
Slovenia is a country in Central Europe.
Oldham Cricket Club are a cricket team which currently plays in the Central Lancashire League.
The denarius was a small silver coin.
A jack knife is a knife.
A luffa  is a long thin dried inner part of the fruit of a tropical plant.
Kimonos  are traditional Japanese clothes.
A sconce is a holder for candles or electric lights that is fixed on a wall.
Culture is a word for people's "way of life", meaning the way they do things.
A houseplant is any kind of decorative plant.
Waxed paper  is a type of paper which has been coated on both sides with wax.
The Japanese tea ceremony  is a special way of making green tea .
A sideboard is a piece of furniture.
Movies  are a type of visual communication which use moving pictures and sound to tell stories or inform .
Holland is the name of a region in the western part of the Netherlands.
The atoms of a chemical element can exist in different types.
In the past, many rulers in south and southeast Asia had people crushed by elephants.
A Power network is a type of contact network where its members can tell other people what to do.
Citizenship is the relationship between a person and his or her country, usually the same one he or she lives in, supports, and in return gets protection from.
Elephants are the largest living land mammals.
Buddhism teaches people how to reduce their suffering by understanding themselves better.
Governor General is a representative of a head of state.
A black hole is an object in the universe that has such a strong pull of gravity, even light can't escape it.
Sheffield is a big city in the region called Yorkshire in the North of England.
A fertilizer is a chemical that helps plants to grow.
The military is the men and women who work in the army, navy, air force, or other armed forces of a country.
Photosynthesis is a process used by plants, some protists, and some bacteria to make food.
A casserole is a baked dish of many different types of food, usually mixed together.
A plate is a type of dish where food can be placed after being cooked for eating.
The flea  is an insect that lives on many kinds of animals and sometimes humans.
Terrorism is the act of scaring people for a social or political reason using violence .
Krishna was the Eight Avatara of Vishnu in Hinduism.
The Republic of South Africa is a country in the southern region of Africa.
Andorra is a European country between Spain and France.
Hiroshima  is the name of a city and prefecture in Japan.
The Richter magnitude scale is a scale of numbers used to tell the size of Californian earthquakes.
A day is the time it takes the Earth to spin around once.
The phases of the moon are the different ways the moon looks during the month.
A sphere is a shape in space that is like the surface of a ball, usually the terms ball and sphere are used alike, but in math, the precise  definition only allows points in the 3 dimensional space which are uniformly and symmetrically allocated at a fixed length called radius of the sphere.
Quantity or amount is how much of something there is that can be counted or measured.
Advertising is the promotion of goods, services, companies and ideas, usually performed by an identified sponsor, and performed through a variety of media.
A Buddha is a very holy person in Buddhism.
The flag of the United States of America is a national flag.
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi  was a famous spiritual leader and politician from India, the "Father of the Nation".
Schizophrenia is a type of mental illness.
A drink is a liquid that you can take into your body.
A need is a thing that a living being, plant or animal, must have to live or to be happy.
Freeware is software that people may get without paying for it.
Yahoo! is a web portal and an internet content and service provider.
Mecca or Makkah  is a city in Saudi Arabia.
Arabia is a peninsula in Southwest Asia at the junction of Africa and Asia.
South is one of the 4 main directions on a compass.
Central America is a region between Guatemala and Belize in the North, and Panama at the South.
The French language "" is a Romance language that was originally spoken in France, Belgium, Luxembourg, and Switzerland.
A prime minister manages the politics of a country.
Greenland is a large Arctic island.
The Soviet Union ) was a group of countries that came together .
A monarch is a ruler who rules becuase his parents ruled.
Unit means part of something.
An uncle is a name used in an extended family.
Information is something that we can learn, know about, or understand.
An airport is a place where airplanes can land or takeoff.
Water becomes ice when it is very cold.
Travel is the activity going from one place to another location.
Cable News Network  is a national news service on television in the United States of America.
A leader is someone who has the authority to tell a group of people what do to.
A blackboard, also called a chalkboard, is a surface on which markings made with chalk are visible.
Linux or GNU/Linux is an open source operating system for computers.
Open source software is software where the source code--the language programmers use to make computers do their jobs--is available to everyone.
A desktop environment is a group of software that allows the user to use a computer easily.
OpenOffice.org is a free open source office suite made by Sun Microsystems and the free software community.
Download means getting information from another computer or server.
GNOME is a computer desktop environment.
A dog  is a mammal from the family Canidae.
Blindness is the inability to see anything.
The Arctic is the area around the Earth's North Pole.
A sin is something that a religion tells its believers is a bad thing to do.
Summer is one of four seasons.
A month is an amount of time used with calendars.
Alberta is a province in Canada.
Electronics is the study and use of electrical components and circuits to achieve a design goal.
Scalars are simple numbers.They are used for measuring things.
Photons , in many atomic models in physics, are particles which transmit light.
A vector is a mathematical object that has a size and direction.
A soap bubble is a very thin film of soap water.
The Fire Brigades Union  is the main union for firefighters in the United Kingdom.
The word force means "to make someone or something do something".
A bicycle, or bike, is a small land vehicle with two wheels, pedals, and a metal chain connected to cogs on the pedals and rear wheel.
A wheel is a disc- or circle-shaped mechanical device.
Physical exercise.
Percent means "out of one hundred".
Writing is the act of recording information on a medium so that it may be read by others or at a later time.
Rock is used to mean many things.
Plato was a very important classical Greek philosopher.
A book is a collection of papers held together between two covers to keep the papers inside safe.
A sundial shows the current solar time during the day.
A peninsula is a region of land that sticks out in a body of water.
A derivative is something created from a primary source, and can mean different things.
Combinatorial game theory is a mathematical theory of games.
There is a simple mathematical strategy to play the game perfectly.
Blue is one of the colors of the rainbow that people can see.
Murder is when one person kills another person on purpose.
Birds are a group among the animals called vertebrates or animals with backbones.
Freedom of speech is the right to state one's opinions and ideas without being stopped or punished.
A Banana is a fruit that grows in clusters on banana trees.
Biel  is an industrial town in Switzerland.
Swatch Internet Time is a way to measure time invented in 1998 by the Swatch manufacturing firm in Biel, Switzerland.
A test tube is a kind of laboratory glassware, composed of a fingerlike length of glass tubing, open at the top, usually with a rounded lip at the top, and a rounded 'U' shaped bottom.
A beaker is a kind of laboratory glassware.
In chemistry, a crucible is a kind of laboratory apparatus that is usually a cup, made of porcelain or non-reactive metal, used to heat chemical compounds to very high temperatures.
Lithium  is the third chemical element in the periodic table.
Beryllium is an alkaline earth metal.
Data compression is making data use less space on a data storage device.
In computer science, a compiler is a program that takes "source code" and changes it to a target language .
The eye is the part of the body that lets humans and most animals see.
A tongue-twister is a sentence that is hard to say.
AbiWord is a free word processor that can be downloaded for free, it is open source and is much smaller in size than a proprietary alternative, Microsoft Word.
Insects are a group of invertebrate animals and are part of the phylum Arthropoda.
This is a list of operating systems.
Computer jargon means words to do with computers and surrounding topics.
A million  is a large number.
A thousand  is a number.
In economics, the gross domestic product  is how much a place produces in some amount of time.
Cricket is a sport.
Athletics  is a collection of sport events that includes running, jumping and throwing.
Badminton is a sport for two or four people.
If we use chemicals  to destroy plants, sometimes human beings may be affected by side-effects.
Iran or Persia is a country in South Asia part of the Greater Middle East region.
Siddhārta Gautama was the name of the person who began the religion of Buddhism.
North is one of the 4 main directions on a compass.
These are some Portuguese football teams.
Epiphany is a Web browser for GNOME.
A video game console is a machine that is used to play video games.
The PlayStation is a video game console made by Sony.
An election is a way people can choose their candidate or their preferences in a democracy or other form of government.
Medicine is the science that deals with diseases  in humans, the best ways to prevent diseases, and the best ways to return to a healthy condition.
Transport, or transportation, is the movement of people and goods or products from one place to another place.
A road is a piece of land which connects two or more places.
Year 2004 was a leap year starting on Thursday of the Gregorian calendar.
Hawaii has been a state since 1959.
Mauna Kea is a dormant volcano in the Hawaiian Islands.
Mauna Loa is an active volcano in the Hawaiian Islands of the United States.
Kilauea is an active volcano in the Hawaiian Islands.
A van is a type of vehicle.
People use luggage to carry their possessions when travelling.
A pantograph is an machine.
A paperback is a type of book.
A palette is used for mixing colours.They are usually made out of plastic or wood but can be made out of other materials.
A glow-worm, or glowworm, is an insect.
A palette knife is a blunt knife with an very flexible steel blade and no sharpened cutting edge.
Foolscap is lined, legal-size paper .
A polymer is a material which has larger molecules made from joining together many small molecules called monomers.
A medium is the way or means information is sent or received.
A phrase is a small group of words that adds meaning to a word.
Prepositions are words or word groups which begin a noun phrase with more than one word.
To possess is to have or to own.
A pronoun is traditionally called a part of speech in grammar  In English, pronouns are words such as "me, she, his, them, herself, each other, it, what".
An adverb is a word used to tell more about a verb, and it almost always answers the questions "how?", "when?", "where?", "how often?", and "in what way?".
Sunday is one of the seven days of the week.
Ottawa is the capital of Canada and is part of the province of Ontario.
A news agency is a kind of company.
A mudguard is a part of a car, motorcycle or bicycle.
A Para rubber tree  is the tree which naturally produces rubber.
A safety curtain is a curtain in theatre at the front of the stage.
A safety lamp is a miner's lamp with a covered flame that used to be used in coal mines.
A Christmas stocking is a long sock hung by a fireplace or bed on Christmas Eve.
These are the Austrian football teams and the leagues they played in for the 2007/08 season.
Year 2001 was a common year starting on Monday.
Humans.
A hacksaw is a tool for sawing.
In gardening, a spade  is a tool.
A hoe is a tool in farming and gardening.
A shovel is a tool used for digging.
A plunger is a tool.
A ladder is a tool.
Oral history is history that is told rather than written down.
A generation is often to mean the average amount of time between the birth of parents and the birth of their children.
Offspring are the immediate descendants of a person, animal, or plant.
Genes are a part of DNA.
Alliteration is when a sentence or phrase has many words starting with the same letter.
Homophones are words that sound the same as another word but have a different meaning, and often a different spelling.
Condensation is the process in which water vapour changes into a water droplet or ice crystal.
Precipitation is the water falling from clouds in liquid form or in solid form.
Relative humidity is the ratio between the partial pressure of water vapour in the air and the saturation vapour pressure of water vapour at that temperature.
Vitamin C is a vitamin.
DCPIP  is a blue chemical used as a dye as when it is in its oxidized state it is blue.
A healthy diet or balanced diet is a diet  that contains the right amounts of all the food substances.
Dye is a substance used to color materials.
Poetry is a type of art form and a type of literature.
Literature is the collection of written works of a language, time, or culture.
Imagination has to be primarily with the mind.
A calorimeter is an apparatus.
In biology, a bolus , is a ball-shaped living thing.
The oesophagus , also called the gullet, is the part of the gastrointestinal system between the mouth and the stomach.
A protease is an enzyme.
Dental floss is a thread.
Rickets is a disease in young children.
Bile or gall is a green-yellow fluid.
The dental pulp is the part in the center of a tooth.
Protoplasm is the living substance that make up a cell.
Amylase is an enzyme.
A variegated leaf is a leaf which contains green and non green parts.
A seam ripper is a cutting tool.
Plaque is a sticky, white film or fluid on the teeth.
A pin cushion is small cushion used for holding pins and needles.
A chemical cell converts chemical energy into electrical energy.
Das Lied der Deutschen , also known as Das Deutschlandlied, , is a song written by Joseph Haydn and Hoffmann von Fallersleben.
A cavity is a hole.
Evidence is something that is used to support an argument.
A dyadic is a math function that needs two things in order to give something out.
A hill is a landform that is higher than the surrounding terrain and that is smaller than a mountain.
Enzymes are special molecules that work as catalysts.
A mountain is a natural rise of the earth's surface that usually has a "summit" .
Machine code, also called machine language, are 1s and 0s which are put into a microprocessor or CPU to tell it what to do.
Area is the amount of space a two dimensional  object takes up.
Air space is the area of the air that is controlled by a country or organisation.
Swamp coolers are simple type of air conditioning device that can cool a room of a house or a car by using the cooling effect of the evaporation of water.
Saskatoon is a city in Saskatchewan, Canada.
Glass rods are sometimes used as stirrers in laboratory environments.
We use a thermometer to find how hot or cold a thing, person, or animal is .
A week is seven days in connecting order.
A suffix is a few letters put at the end of a word to change its meaning.
Japanese  "Nihon-go" or "Nippon-go" in Japanese) is the language spoken on the island nation of Japan, in East Asia.
Spice is something that adds flavor to food.
Flavour or Flavor  is the quality of anything which affects the taste.
A bank is a place where money can be saved or loaned out from.
Comet Halley, or Halley's Comet, is a comet.
The Hubble Space Telescope  is a famous telescope.
A motion sensor is a sensor device.
An arm is a limb.
An arrow is a shape used to point to something.
Golf is a game played in an open field where the golfer plays his golf ball into a hole by using different types of clubs .
Spirituality is a name given to matters of the spirit.
Year 2002 was a common year starting on Tuesday of the Gregorian calendar.
Year 2003 was a common year starting on Wednesday of the Gregorian calendar.
1999 is a year in the 20th century.
1998 is a year in the 20th century.
1997 is a year in the 20th century.
1996 is a year in the 20th century.
1995 is a year in the 20th century.
1994 is a year in the 20th century.
1993 is a year in the 20th century.
1992 is a year in the 20th century.
1991 is a year in the 20th century.
Year 2005 was a common year starting on Saturday of the Gregorian calendar.
Year 2006 was a common year starting on Tuesday of the Gregorian calendar.
Year 2007  was a common year starting on Monday of the Gregorian calendar and the "Anno Domini"  era.
1989 is a year in the 20th century.
2008 was last year.
A common year is a year that is not a leap year.
A decade  is a period of 10 years.
The 19th century is the century from 1801 to 1900.
The 21st century is the century from 2001 to 2100.
Ijtihad is the process of reaching a legal decision on the basis of one's own interpretation of Islamic law.
STP , are the conditions most often used in chemistry to study or test a chemical.
A human or human being is a person.
The jungle is a forest in a tropical placec.
Light is a type of energy, which means it is non-matter and cannot be touched.
Stockholm is the capital city of Sweden.
Rain are droplets of water that fall from clouds in the sky.
2009 is this year.
Gambling is a contest where a player bets on the result of an event.
Monty Python, also known as The Pythons, is a group of British actors who have acted in several comedy movies and had a television show, "Monty Python's Flying Circus" which was originally between 1969 and 1974, and is still well-known and watched around the world.
Time zones give specific areas on the Earth a time of day that is earlier or later than the neighboring time zones.
A market is a place where people go to buy or sell things.
An electron is a tiny piece of matter.
A mascot is a character that stands for something.
Chile is a long, thin country which is on the western side of South America.
An ambassador is a person sent by the government of a country to a different country.
--86.149.70.81  18:07, 13 January 2009 Monday is the second day of the week.
A nuclear war is when two or more groups or countries fight with nuclear weapons.
Tax is money that people have to pay to the government.
Florida is a state in the southeastern part of the United States.
Mario is a game character.
Video games are electronic games played on a video screen .
An oboe is a woodwind instrument with a double reed.
GURPS, or the Generic Universal Role-Playing System, is a role-playing game.
Eric Idle  is an English actor.
An enemy is a person or group of people who opposes another person or group of people.
2000 is the last year in the 20th century.
Adelaide is a city in Australia.
Yoshi is a fictional dinosaur who appears in the Mario series of video games.
A lake  is a large body of water  within a body of land.
East is one of the 4 main directions on a compass.
Tire  is the part of the wheel which is made of rubber.
A population is the number of living things in an area.
Snow is the frozen ice crystals of rain.
West is one of the 4 main directions on a compass.
A.
A president is the leader of a country or a company or other group.
This is a list of colors.
North America.
Galileo Galilei   was an Italian astronomer,  and a famous thinker.
When people feel or think the same way about something, they agree.
When a person agrees to do something or to "not" do something, that person is making a promise.
A cloud is water in the atmosphere  that we can see.
The water cycle is the cycle water goes through on Earth.
Water vapor is water that is in the form of a vapor, or gas.
Solid is one of the four most common states of matter.
Evaporation is when a liquid becomes a gas.
A contract is an agreement or promise that the law can enforce.
The face is the front part of the head.
Kolkata  is the capital city of the Indian state of West Bengal.
A pencil is a cylinder-shaped tool used to write and draw, usually on paper.
Logic is the science of reasoning.
Communism is a political way of thinking and idea of how society should work and be organized.
Resurrection is when the body comes back to life after dying.
A monarchy is a kind of government where a monarch, a kind of hereditary ruler  is the head of state.
North Korea, or the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, is a country in the northern part of Korea.
A parliament is a type of legislature.
The Turing test is a test to see if a computer can trick a person into believing that the computer is a person too.
A fuel is a substance that is changed in some way to produce heat, electricity, or other forms of energy.
An anarchist is someone who supports anarchism.
A person's rights are what they can do or have legally or morally.
Estonia is a small country in Northern Europe.
Cyprus is a country in Asia, that is often counted as part of Europe for reasons of culture and history.
Latvia is a country in Northern Europe.
Lithuania is a country in northern Europe on the eastern shore of the Baltic Sea.
Malta is an island country in Europe.
W.
Authors.
In normal cosmology, 'comoving' distance or 'proper distance' is one of several distances measured by cosmologists to define distances between objects.
Shaanxi  is a province in east China.
Lisbon is the capital city of Portugal.
Surfing is a water sport.
Lyon  is a city in the south-east of France.
George Walker Bush  is the current President of the United States of America.
Organic compound are compounds of carbon.
Coal is a black solid fossil fuel.
Petroleum also called crude oil is a thick and black liquid.
Natural gas is a mixture.
Energy is a word with more than one meaning.
A reference is something that can be "referred" to, or something used to check things.
Jewels  are rare minerals.
Xenon is a non-metal chemical element.
Kuala Lumpur is the capital city of Malaysia.
This is a list of the chemical elements, sorted by name.
The speed of light is by definition exactly 299,792,458 meters per second in free space .
Denial in psychology means that someone denies that something has happened or is happening although he really knows it is true.
Tokyo  is the capital of Japan.
Lao Tsu  was one of the most famous Chinese philosophers.
This is a list of physicists.
Brass is an alloy of copper and zinc.
A body is the physical material of a person or animal.
An alloy is an uniform mixture.
A material is something used to make things.
The brain is a part of the body that allows us to make sense of the world around us and to change our behavior to respond to it.
Neurons are also called nerve cells.
The Greater Middle East or Western Asia is an area of land and group of countries in the continent of Asia.
Warsaw  is the capital of Poland.
The Hindu-Arabic numeral system is a numeral system.
A point is a position in space.
A line is the path of one point moving.
A plane is a perfectly flat surface extending in all directions.
An angle is the space between two lines that meet each other.
__NOTOC__ .
An astrophysicist is a person whose profession is astrophysics.
This is a list of famous walls.
Some vegetables which are botanically fruits  are considered to be vegetables in the culinary sense.
The following is a timeline of acts and failed attempts that can be considered terrorism.
There are three main types of astronomical telescopes - and these are divided into subgroups.
This list of shipwrecks is of those sunken ships whose remains have been located.
This is a list of religions.
Ethnologue lists about 6,800 main languages in its language name index  and distinguishes about 41,000 alternate language names and dialects.
A list of endangered languages .
This is a list of emotions .
"The Richter scale was adopted in 1935, and was used in the above table also about earlier earthquakes at a merely indicative title.
This is a list of disasters, both natural and man-made.
This is a list of common, well-known or infamous diseases.
There are a number of Communist Parties around the world.
This is a list of common misspellings in the English language.
This is a list of color topics.
__NOTOC__ Index: A-B - C-D - E-I - J-O - P-R - S - T-V - W - Y - Z .
The list of bridges is a link page for any bridge.
A typical adult human skeleton consists of the following 206 bones.
These are lists of tropical cyclone names.
This is a partial list of the various lists of astronomical objects which either exist, or should exist, in Wikipedia.
The following is a small list of stars.
This list of the nearest stars to Earth is ordered by increasing distance.
The list of all the planets in the solar system Pluto is no longer classified as a planet, it is now considered a dwarf planet.
This list of the nearest galaxies to Earth is ordered by increasing distance.
This is a list of some comets in the solar system.
The following is a list of main sequence stars with confirmed extrasolar planets.
There are a large number of sports that involve water.
The list of waterways is a link page for any river, canal, estuary, or firth.
This is a list of wave topics, by Wikipedia page.
This is a list of waterfalls.
The list of tunnels is a link page for any road tunnel, railway tunnel, or waterway tunnel anywhere in the world.
This is a list of tallest structures in the world'", past and present of any type.
This is a list of graphical signs, icons, and symbols.
This is a list of supermarkets around the world.
An acid is something that has a pH less than 7.0.
A white dwarf is a star.
A beach is an area of lakeshore or seashore which is fairly open, slopes smoothly to the water, and is free of trees, large boulders, or anything else which might make walking difficult or impossible.
A mental illness is an illness of the mind.
Depression  is a type of mental illness or mood disorder.
The Qur'an  is the holy book of Islam, like the Holy Bible.
Anthony Charles Lyton Blair usually called Tony Blair is the most recent former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.
An accident is when something goes wrong when it is not meant to.
Acne is an infection of the skin, caused by changes in the sebaceous glands.
Dinosaurs  were reptiles that lived a very long time ago.
The Stone Age was an ancient time period when people made tools from stone.
Adolf Hitler  was a German politician who was the leader of the Nazi party.
Publius Vergilius Maro, also called Virgil or Vergil by English-speaking people,  was a writer of poems in the Latin language.
In chemistry, alcohol is a general term which refers to many organic compounds used in industry and science as reagents, solvents, and fuels.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was an Austrian composer and pianist.
Johann Sebastian Bach (b.
Earth's atmosphere is the layer of gases around the planet Earth.
The penis is a male sex organ found on the outside of the body.
The Sahara Desert in north Africa is the second largest desert in the world .
Paris is the capital city of France, and the largest city there.
The Holocaust, sometimes called The Shoah , refers to the planned deportation and killing of people by Nazi Germany.
Kyoto  is a city in Japan.
In the first use, an "anarchy" might be a made-up or real society based on a group's beliefs about anarchism .
DNA, short for deoxyribonucleic acid, is a nucleic acid - an acidic molecule that is in the nucleus of cells.
Karl Heinrich Marx  was a German philosopher and political thinker who wrote about money  and power .
Bread is a type of food, made from flour and water .
Shinto  or Shintoism is the native religion of Japan.
A volcano is a mountain where lava  comes from a magma chamber under the ground.
The Big Bang is the theory that the universe began by growing out from a very small, dense, and hot condition about 13.7 billion years ago.
Google Mail, also known as Gmail, is a free e-mail service that is run by Google.
An astronomer is a person who studies the stars and planets.
An analysis is what a person has when he or she has analysed something.
Foolish means silly or not wise.
Aristotle   was a Greek philosopher.
Carl Edward Sagan  was an American astronomer.
Matsuo Munefusa, known as Matsuo Bashō  was a Japanese poet.
Colonization is the act of one country settling another place, in order to become the new rulers of the new country, and to live in the new country.
Choreography  is the art of making dances.
An electrical cell is a device that is used to generate electricity, or one that is used to make chemical reactions possible by applying electricity.
Dry cells are a type of chemical cells.
The Vietnam War lasted from 1959 to 1975.
The Sahel is a narrow belt of land in West Africa.
This is a list of simple adjectives used in the English language.
A chemical change  is a change of materials into other, new materials with different properties, and one or more new substances are formed.
A physical change is a change in which no new substances are formed and most physical changes are reversible.
Ronald Wilson Reagan  was the 40th  President of the United States and the 33rd Governor of California.
The United Nations  is an international organization.
This is a list of historians.
Zeami Motokiyo  also called Kanze Motokiyo ,  was a Japanese actor and playwright.
Marco Polo  was an Italian trader and explorer.
Shingles is a disease.
"A Brief History of Time"  is a book written by the scientist and mathematician Stephen Hawking.
Alexander Graham Bell  was a teacher, scientist, and he was very good at basballeunder of the Bell Telephone Company.
Heinrich Rudolf Hertz  was a German physicist.
Year 1687 was a common year that started on a Wednesday when using the Gregorian calendar.
Deep house is a type of disco music.
Cytokines are proteins which the body makes.
Bristol is a city in the United Kingdom.
This is a link page for towns and cities in England.
Bright Eyes is an American indie rock music band.
A honeycomb is a container made by bees out of wax that they produce.
The Greek language is an Indo-European language.
Kami-shibai  is a storytelling performance with picture cards, and is a traditional Japanese entertainment for children.
Murasaki Shikibu  was a novelist, poet, and servant of the imperial court during the Heian period of Japan.
Pepsin is a kind of enzyme.
pH  is a scale of acidity from 0 to 14.
Tapeworms  are a type of flatworm.
Omnivores are animals that eat both plants and animals.
Herbivores are animals that only eat plants.
Hindi is the most commonly spoken language in India.
Ludwig van Beethoven  was a German composer.
Roald Engelbregt Gravning Amundsen was a Norwegian man who explored the Arctic and the South Pole.
Christopher Columbus was a trader and explorer.
The GNU General Public License  is a computer software copyleft license.
In geometry, a triangle is the flat shape formed by joining three points  with straight line segments.
A square is a shape with four equal sides and four corners that are all right angles .
Hardware is short for Computer hardware.
Meat is animal tissue used as food.
Anders Celsius  was a Swedish astronomer.
Tuvalu is a small island country in the Pacific Ocean.
Java  is one of the islands of Indonesia.
James Watt  was a Scottish mathematician and engineer.
Michelangelo di Lodovico Buonarroti Simoni  was an Italian sculptor, painter, architect and poet.
Leonardo da Vinci  was born in Florence in Italy.
Platinum is a soft, heavy, white metal.
__NOTOC__ .
This is a list of minerals.
Minerals are substances that are formed naturally in the Earth.
Craft is a word for many different activities about making things with one's own hands and skills.
Kim Jŏng-Il  has been the leader of North Korea since his father's death in 1994.
"This article is about the element.
The Pope is the head of Catholic Church.
The San Andreas Fault is a dextral strike-slip fault.
In astronomy, voids are the empty spaces between filaments.
A computer mouse is used to tell a computer what to do, including moving the cursor and choosing things on the screen.
Metallurgy is the study of metals.
A fixed-wing aircraft or aeroplane or airplane is a kind of aircraft, something that can fly, but is heavier than air.
An aircraft is a flying machine.
Victoria is the capital city of the province of British Columbia, Canada.
The Suez Canal  is a canal in Egypt.
A canal is a waterway made by humans.
Mars is the God of War in Roman mythology.
Cessna is an airplane company.
Clothing is an item which is made to cover part of the human body.
A shoe is a piece of footwear.
Footwear is an item of clothing made by humans that covers and protects the foot, including the soles of the feet.
A cafe is a type of restaurant.
Jazz is a type of music which was invented in the United States.
Coffee is a plant and it is also the name of the drink that is made from this plant.
Beef is a type of meat.
Hyenas are mammals.
Table salt, often called "cooking salt" or just "salt" is widely used in cooking to add flavor to food.
Silk is a natural fiber made by the silk worm larvae.
The Beatles were an highly influential rock and pop band in the 1960s.
Reincarnation is the name of the idea that people are born in another body after they die.
A philosopher is a person who works, studies, or is an expert in philosophy.
eBay is a website.
Gerhard Schröder was Chancellor of Germany from 1998 to 2005.
Melbourne is the second largest city in Australia.
Canberra is the capital city of Australia.
Sydney is a city on the east coast of Australia.
The greenhouse effect occurs when certain gasses in the atmosphere trap infrared radiation.
A World War is a war in which most of the countries in the world fight or help.
Ionizing radiation is a process in physics where something emits particles or waves that have the potential to ionize an atom or molecule through atomic interactions.
Click is an onomatopoeia.
Colonel Edwin Eugene "Buzz" Aldrin, Jr., Ph.D  is an American pilot and astronaut.
Tuberculosis is in infectious disease which is caused by bacteria.
The word American is used to mean a person or a thing from any country in any of the Americas - North America, Central America, or South America.
Grain is the seeds of some special kinds of grass.
A clause is a part of a sentence.
Marxism is the name for a set of political ideas.
People use the word sacred for something that a religion says is special or important.
Zürich  is a city in Switzerland.
Translation means to copy writing or speech from one language into a different language.
An astronaut or cosmonaut is a person who goes into outer space.
A hacker is someone who likes to do new things with computers.
In communications, such as radio and television, broadcasting means sending information such as television shows or music electronically to a large audience.
Socialism is the name for a set of economic and political ideas.
Vladimir Lenin was a Russian Marxist.
A Bolshevik was a Russian Communist.
Saddam Hussein Abd al-Majid al-Tikriti , was the President of Iraq, from July 16 1979 to April 9 2003, when he was removed from his position during the War in Iraq led by the United States.
This is a list of traditional names for stars, mostly from Arabic and Latin.
This is a list of tectonic plates of Earth.
This list of oil fields includes major fields of the past and present.
Anarchism is the belief that people can organize themselves without having someone from up above tell them what to do.
List of countries by area.
Eurafrasia.
Official languages of sovereign countries.
This is a list of countries by population.
This is a partial list of states that extract crude oil from oil wells.
This is a list of forests in the United Kingdom.
This page contains a list of the first 500 prime numbers and lists of prime numbers by specific categorizations.
This is a list of publishers in English.
µCLinux is an operating system for small computers inside integrated circuits .
UNIX is a computer operating system.
A signature is a special way that people write their name to imply that they agree to something which is written.
Cocoa is the seed of the cacao tree.
The Republic of Cote d'Ivoire is a country in west Africa.
Luke McCormick is an English football player.
Answers to the God Paradox.
"This page is about the common American idea of libertarianism.
An auction is a place where people can buy or sell things.
Roman Catholicism  is the Christian church which is from the Apostles of two thousand years ago, led by the Bishops and the Pope, their chief.
The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China ,Hong Kong) is one of two Special Administrative Regions  of the People's Republic of China .
Blitzkrieg is a German word which means "lightning war".
A tank is a fighting machine.
Edinburgh  is the capital city and second largest city in Scotland.
The head of state of a country is its highest leader.
Vladimir Ilyich Ulyanov , better known as )  was a Russian revolutionary and the leader of the Bolsheviks party.
A disease or medical condition is an abnormality of the body or mind that causes discomfort, dysfunction, distress, or death to the person afflicted or those in contact with the person.
Carbon is a very important chemical element, with a chemical symbol of C.
Zazaki is a language spoken in eastern Anatolia above the rivers Euphrates and Tigris.
Some reactions are very fast, and others are very slow.
A rectangle is a shape with four sides and four corners.
Trafalgar Square is a famous place in the city of London, England.
An official language is a language that has special status in a country.
A cake is a type of dessert usually made to celebrate special occasions, like a birthday.
A house is a building that is made for people to live in.
A gigabyte  is a unit of measurement in computers and similar electronic devices.
A trader is a person who tries to make a profit by buying something at a low price and then selling it at a higher price.
A sailor is a person who works under a captain to sail a ship.
A farmer is a person who grows crops and raises animals to be used as food.
A constellation is a group of stars.
Sometimes a river receives a lot of extra water.
In many religions, Hell is a place where souls of dead people go after their lives end, a different version of heaven.
Brest  is a city found in Brittany, France.
The telephone number 1-1-2  is also the standard European Union  emergency telephone number, it works in every country of the EU, for land lines and mobile phones.
A government-in-exile is a group of people who claim they are the real government of a country, but who live in another country or area.
Stonehenge is a site in Wiltshire, England.
Granite is a kind of igneous rock, which means that it came from volcanic action inside the Earth.
Syracuse, New York is a city in the U.S.
A soap opera is a television or radio program that airs in episodic installments.
"The Young and the Restless" is a very popular soap opera in America.
Georgia is a state in the southeastern part of the United States.
Prem Rawat, also known as Maharaji, was born in India on 10 December 1957 and started speaking to people about inner peace when he was 3 years old.
Immanuel Kant  was a German philosopher.
An aunt is a name used in an extended family.
Homer is the name of the Greek poet who wrote the epic poems the "Iliad" and the "Odyssey".
Donatien Alphonse François, Comte de Sade, , better known as the Marquis de Sade) was a French dramatist and philosopher.
The Eurozone  is the set of countries of the European Union which have adopted the Euro  currency.
Ordinal numbers  are numbers that show something's order, for example: 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th.
A republic is a kind of government that has no king, queen, or other monarch and where the people are sovereign.
Martin Luther  was a German monk and theologian of Christianity, and later the founder of the Lutheran Church, the first church of Protestantism, split from the Roman Catholic.
Noh or No  is a major form of classical Japanese musical drama that has been performed since the 14th century.
A manga is a Japanese comic book, drawn by a "mangaka"  Manga is read from right to left, sometimes, though, manga is read from left-to-right fasion for some of the lesser known series.
The Spree is a river in the north-east of Germany.
Liberalism is a way of thinking about politics and government.
Zeno's Paradoxes are a famous set of thought-provoking stories or puzzles created by Zeno of Elea in the mid-5th century B.C.
Mandrake is the common name of a number of plants in the Nightshade family, genus Mandragora.
Debian is a GNU/Linux distribution.
GNU is the name of a computer operating system.
The Republic of Serbia  is a country in southeastern Europe.
Cancer is a class of diseases or disorders that often has uncontrolled division of cells in common.
Photography is a way of making a picture using a camera.
Radio waves make up part of the electromagnetic spectrum.
A bridge is a structure built to cross an open space or gap.
Mysticism is the belief that people can "directly" experience God or true reality, rather than through books, ritual or other people.
Ontario is a province of Canada.
Manitoba is a province of Canada.
The head of government of a country is the person who runs it.
Saskatchewan is a province of Canada.
Classical music, in its orchestral form, usually focuses on stringed instruments.
Snafu is an acronym that the United States armies first used.
Atlanta is the capital city of Georgia, a state of the United States of America.
Niccolò Machiavelli  was a political philosopher, born in Florence, Italy.
A supply line is a large line of military supply vehicles, usually in convoy format.
Michigan is the 11th largest state in the United States It is made up of two penninsulas .
Fullerenes are soccer ball shaped forms of carbon, usually containing 60 carbon atoms.
"Caenorhabditis elegans" ("C.
Saxe-Weimar  was a duchy in Thuringia, Germany.
Oldham is a town in the North West of England.
Pakistan, official name Islamic Republic of Pakistan, is a country in South Asia, next to the Republic of India, Iran, Afghanistan, and China.
New Zealand  is a country in the south-western Pacific Ocean.
South Korea is a country in East Asia, in the southern part of the Korean peninsula.
Ireland is a country in Europe and is a member of the European Union.
Việt Nam  is a country in Southeast Asia.
Lance Armstrong  is a American bicycle rider.
Phoebe is a moon which goes around  the planet called Saturn.
The Three Peaks Challenge is a challenge  which involves climbing three British mountains  in less than 24 hours.
Pennsylvania is one of the 50 states in the United States of America.
A box is a container used to put things in.
The Philippines is a country with more than 7,000 islands.
"Fawlty Towers" was a popular British TV comedy.
A custom  is any thing which lots of people do, and have done for a long time.
Fort Ouiatenon was the first fortified European settlement in what is now the U.S.
Chennai  is the capital city of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Mumbai  is a natural harbor on the west coast of India, and is the capital city of Maharashtra state.
Bangalore is the capital city of the Indian state of Karnataka.
Jalaluddin Muhammad Akbar was the greatest Mughal ruler of India.
New Delhi is the capital city of the modern Republic of India.
Sir Edmund Percival Hillary,  was a New Zealand mountaineer and explorer.
The Wright brothers, Orville Wright  and Wilbur Wright , are sometimes credited for making the first controlled, powered, heavier-than-air flight on December 17, 1903.
Charles Robert Darwin  was an English naturalist.
Adam Smith  was a Scottish economist, who is regarded as the Father of Modern Economics.
Sir Isaac Newton  was an English physicist and mathematician.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe   was the greatest of all German writers.
Pythagoras  was a Greek mathematician and philosopher, known best for the Pythagorean theorem, which is a theorem about right triangles.
Socrates  was an important Greek philosopher and teacher.
Dante Alighieri, or simply Dante , was an Italian poet from Florence.
Virginia Woolf  was an English writer.
March 28 is the 87th day of the year in the Gregorian calendar .
Jane Austen  was an author and began writing when she was 14 years old.
Charlotte Brontë was born on April 21, 1816 in Thornton, Hampshire, England.
Emily Brontë  was a English author and poet.
Anne Brontë  was an English writer and poet.
Charles Dickens was born on February 7, 1812 in Portsmouth, England.
Portsmouth is a city in the south of England, in the county of Hampshire.
HMS Victory is the oldest ship still in use.
HMS Warrior was the first battleship which was made with a hull made of iron.
The Mary Rose was a ship which belonged to Henry VIII of England and was named after his sister Princess Mary.
The Mutiny on the Bounty has become a famous story, leading to many books, movies, and songs.
take one step, then see its results before taking another making friends with people you have argued with giving up some things you want to get those things that are most important to you people want to have a number choices that are different from each other meet the needs of changing times He sees these virtues as a way of avoiding ideology or "absolute-sounding ethic".
Lady Jane Grey was born in October 12, 1537 at her family home of Bradgate Park, Leicestershire, England.
The Tower of London is an ancient stone fortress in London, England.
Anne Boleyn  was the second queen consort of Henry VIII of England and the mother of Elizabeth I of England.
The Mona Lisa  is an early sixthteenth century portrait by Leonardo da Vinci.
Britney Spears , is an American Pop singer.
"The Matrix" is a science fiction action movie that was made in 1999.
The September 11, 2001 attacks, shortened as nine-eleven, 9/11 or "9-11", were four attacks by terrorists that happened on the same day.
Cardiff is the capital and biggest city of Wales, in Great Britain.
is a city in Spain, with a population of 316,564, is the capital of Castile and Leon, and one of the historical capitals of the Spanish Kingdom.
Elizabeth Cleghorn Gaskell  was an English writer.
Venice is a city in Italy.
Naples is a southern Italian city with a port.
Florence  is the capital city of the region of Tuscany , in Italy.
Milan ) is a city in northern Italy.
Glamorgan, also known as Glamorganshire  is a county in Wales.
Cornwall  is a county of England in the UK.
Tintagel Castle is in Cornwall, a county in England.
Gwyneth Kate Paltrow (b.
Sarah Michelle Gellar  is an American actress.
Jennifer Anne Garner  is a Golden Globe Award- and SAG Award-winning and Emmy Award-nominated American movie and television actress, and producer.
Heather Joan Graham  is an American actress.
Christina Ricci (b.
Julia Roberts  is an American actress.
Angelina Jolie  is an award-winning American actor.
Lisa Marie Diane Kudrow  is an American actress.
Grace Kelly  is an American actress.
Elizabeth Taylor  is an English-American actress.
Hilary Swank  is an Academy and Golden Globe Award-winning American actress.
Nana Visitor  is an American actress.
Alexander Siddig  is a Sudanese actor.
The Eiffel Tower  is a famous landmark in Paris.
The Louvre is a museum in Paris, which attracts millions of visitors every year because of its art collection.
The Venus de Milo is a ancient Greek statue.
Aphrodite  is the goddess of love and beauty in Greek mythology, and one of the Twelve Olympians.
Venus is the Roman goddess of love and beauty.
Jupiter is the king of the gods in Roman mythology.
Minerva was the Roman goddess of crafts and wisdom.
Athena is the Greek goddess of wisdom, strategy, and war.
Salt Lake City is a city in the United States of America.
Nagano  is a city in Japan and the capital of Nagano prefecture .
Barcelona is a city in Spain.
Denise Lewis  is an athlete from United Kingdom.
His 200 meter world record was beaten By Usain Bolt at theBeijing 2008 Olympics.
The Vikings were the people who came from Scandinavia  around 800AD-1100AD and who travelled great distances in their longboats, as both traders, settlers and warriors.
The Bronze Age is the prehistoric time period when people made tools from a metal called bronze.
Louis XIV   was the King of France and King of Navarre from 14 May 1643 until his death.
The Olympic Games is a sporting event that takes place in a different city every four years.
The Iron Age was a time in history after people began to use iron tools.
Entertainment is, for example, an activity like a sport or game that excites people and keeps their attention.
Open Site is a free internet encyclopedia created by many editors.
Coca-Cola, also known as Coke, is a carbonated, sweetened soft drink that is sold in most countries, and is the world's best-selling soft drink.
Sulfur  is a chemical element.
Aluminium  is a chemical element.
Drawing is a way of making a picture.
Texas is the second largest state in the United States.
In 1934 the Nazis stopped using Prussia as a land unit and in 1947 the Allies abolished the state of Prussia, and divided its territory among the new "Länder".
The Apocrypha are religious texts that are in some versions of the Bible.
Understanding means to realize what people mean when they do or say something.
Sodium  is the chemical element number 11 in the periodic table of elements.
Dice are objects used in games when something random needs to be done, such as moving a piece a random number of places on a board.
In mathematics, a matrix  is a rectangular table of numbers.
The British Isles are a group of islands in north-western Europe.
Mandarin is the language of North China and Taiwan.
Algeria is a country in the Western part of North Africa.
"This article is about Plymouth, England.
George Washington  was the first President of the United States from 1789 to 1797.
Abraham Lincoln  was the 16th President of the United States between 1861 to 1865.
John Calvin Coolidge  was the 30th President of the United States between 1923 to 1929.
Harry S.
John Adams  was the second President of the United States , and father of the sixth President, John Quincy Adams.
William Jefferson Clinton , better known as Bill Clinton, was the 42nd president of the United States.
Reward and punishment is the idea that people perform better when offered rewards, or when threatened with punishment.
The yield of a financial instrument, usually a debt or other fixed income instrument, is the amount the holder  is paid each year for leaving his or her money invested in that instrument.
Moral purchasing is when a person uses moral reasoning to decide what to buy.
A social network is a set of social actors (e.g.
A cabal is a group of people who try to control things in a secret way.
Creating is making new things that have not existed before, usually by combining two or three things that existed.
Human science is the science of humans: what makes them different from animals, and their limits, which tend to be the same as those of other animals.
Flaying is a form of torture, mutiliation, and execution.
Rice is a type of food.
"For other uses, see Yogi " Yoga is an old discipline from India.
Even though economics is all about choice on the basis of what is available rather than what should be available, the overwhelming question relates to who decides how resources should be distributed and how economics can embrace a trade-off between different groups which each seek to maximize their allocation of resources.
Cattle are animals which are mammals and belong to the genus "Bos".
A friend is a person that someone likes or knows.
If something is called quick, that means it moves at a very fast speed or does not take much time to finish.
Thunder is a very loud sound that is made sometimes during a very big rain storm.
1  is a common year of the Gregorian calendar.
The year 2 was a year that started on Sunday, according to the Julian calendar.
__NOTOC__ .
4 is a year in the 1st century.
5  is a common year of the Gregorian calendar.
6 is a year in the 1st century.
7 is a year in the 1st century.
8 is a year in the 1st century.
9 is a year in the 1st century.
10 is a year in the 1st century.
11 is a year in the 1st century.
12 is a year in the 1st century.
13 is a year in the 1st century.
30 is a year in the 1st century.
40 is a year in the 1st century.
50  is a common year of the Gregorian calendar.
The number three is one more than 2 and one less than four.
Ten is the number that is after nine and before eleven.
100   is the number after 99 and before 101.
A man is a male human adult .
A woman is a female human adult.
Position is a way to explain where something is.
Arundel Castle is a castle in West Sussex, England.
The Religious Society of Friends is a group of religious people, who have joined together because they have similar beliefs.
The size of something is how much space the thing takes.
Opposite means that one thing is completely different from another.
Direction follows an imaginary line connecting two points.
Starvation is when a person or animal has not eaten food for such a time that they are unable to do things in a normal way.
Microsoft Word  is a graphical word processing program that users can type with.
An ant is a small species of insect that lives under the ground in very large groups.
Knives are better than scissors for some uses.
Indigo is a dye made from the Indigo plant, used to dye cloth.
Violet is the seventh color of the rainbow--it is the color on the inner edge of the rainbow.
Malcolm IV of Scotland (c.
David I of Scotland (b.
Saint Margaret of Scotland (c.
Alexander I of Scotland (c.
Henry I of England (c.
William I of England (c.
Matilda of Flanders (c.
Robert II of France  was born in Orleans, France.
Adelaide of Aquitaine  was the Queen of Hugh Capet and the daughter of William III of Aquitaine.
William III of Aquitaine (c.
Saint Denis Basilica is a famous for its architecture and as the burial place for many Kings of France.
Gothic architecture is a style of architecture which was built in Western Europe in the Middle Ages.
A cathedral is a large Christian church.
A patron saint is someone who has devoted their whole life to something greater than themselves.
Saint David (c.
Saint George (c.
Saint Andrew is one of the twelve apostles of Jesus and the patron saint of Scotland.
Saint Patrick (c.
Centuries: 4th century - 5th century - 6th century Decades: 440s 450s 460s 470s 480s - 490s - 500s 510s 520s 530s 540s Years: 486 487 488 489 490 - 491 - 492 493 494 495 496 .
March 17 is the 76th day of the year in the Gregorian calendar .
Centuries: 4th century - 5th century - 6th century Decades: 350s 360s 370s 380s 390s - 400s - 410s 420s 430s 440s 450s Years: 397 398 399 400 401 - 402 - 403 404 405 406 407 .
Somerset is a county in South West England.
Glastonbury is a town in Somerset, England.
Glastonbury Abbey is in Glastonbury, Somerset, England.
Somerton is a town in Somerset.
Yeovil is a town in the county of Somerset.
Bridgwater is a town in the county of Somerset.
A street is a piece of land, made flat or prepared in another way, so that people can travel on it better.
Taunton is a town in the county of Somerset.
Shepton Mallet is a town in the county of Somerset, England.
Bath is a city in the county of Somerset in England.
Wells is a city in the county of Somerset.
East Coker is a village in Somerset.
Tatworth is a village near Chard in the South Somerset District of Somerset, England.
Chard is a town in Somerset.
Crewkerne is a town in Somerset, England where about 6,700 people live.
Stoford is a village in the county of Somerset, England.
The River Tone is a river in the county of Somerset.
The River Yeo is in the county of Somerset.
The River Adur is a river in the county of Sussex, in England.
The River Aire is a river in the county of West Yorkshire.
The River Aln is a river in the county of Northumberland.
The River Alt is a river in the county of Merseyside in England just north of Liverpool.
The River Yare is a river in the county of Norfolk, England.
The River Exe is a river in the county of Devon in England.
Ilminster is a town in the county of Somerset.
South Cadbury is an archaeological site in south Somerset.
Watchet is a harbor town in the county of Somerset in England.
Burnham-on-Sea is a small town in the county of Somerset in England.
Cheddar is a type of hard cheese made from cow's milk.
Yatton is a large village with 9,000 people in the county of Somerset in England.
Backwell is a village in the county of Avon, in North Somerset.
Clevedon is a town in the county of Somerset, in England.
Weston-super-Mare is a sea-side town in the county of North Somerset.
South Somerset is a district in the county of Somerset.
A scone is a kind of baked bread.
Ankara is the capital city of the country of Turkey.
Johannes Gensfleisch zur Laden zum Gutenberg  , was a German metal-worker and inventor.
Elizabeth I of England  was the Queen of England from November 17, 1558 until she died in 1603.
Cate Blanchett  is an Australian actor.
Kylie Ann Minogue  is a singer and actress.
Natalie Imbruglia  is an actress and singer-songwriter.
Nicole Mary Kidman (b.
Hugh Jackman (b.
Mel Columcille Gerard Gibson  is an American-Australian actor.
Natalie Hershlag  is an actor.
Alyson Hannigan is an American actress.
Jessica Marie Alba  is an American actress.
Brad Pitt  is an American actor.
Jennifer Aniston  is an American actress.
Jennifer Love Hewitt  is an American actress and singer.
Katie Holmes (b.
Sigourney Weaver  is an American actress.
Audrey Hepburn  was an actress, from Belgium.
Katharine Houghton Hepburn  was an American actress.
Charles Kay Ogden  was a word and language learner and a writer.
God Save the Queen is a song, the national anthem of the United Kingdom.
The lion  is a large mammal of the "Felidae" family.
Galatasaray is a sports club in Istanbul, Turkey.
B is the second  letter in the English alphabet.
C is the third  letter in the English alphabet.
D is the fourth  letter in the alphabet.
E is the fifth  letter in the English alphabet.
F is the sixth  letter in the English alphabet.
G is the 100th  letter in the English alphabet.
H is the eighth  letter in the English alphabet.
I is the ninth  letter in the English alphabet.
J is the tenth  letter in the English alphabet.
K is the eleventh  letter in the English alphabet.
L is the twelfth  letter in the English alphabet.
M is the thirteenth  letter in the English alphabet.
N is the fourteenth  letter in the English alphabet.
O is the fifteenth  letter in the English alphabet.
P is the sixteenth  letter in the English alphabet.
Q is the seventeenth  letter in the English alphabet.
R is the eighteenth  letter in the English alphabet.
S is the nineteenth  letter in the English alphabet.
T is the twentieth  letter in the English alphabet.
U  is the twenty-first  letter in the English alphabet.
V is the twenty-second  letter in the English alphabet.
W is the twenty-third  letter in the English alphabet.
X is the twenty-fourth  letter in the English alphabet.
Y is the twenty-fifth  letter in the English alphabet.
Z is the twenty-sixth  and last letter in the English alphabet.
A virus is a microorganism.
A microprocessor is an electronic component that is used by a computer to do its work.
Heat is a form of energy.
In feudal Japan, Shogun ruled the country, and does not have power over the emperor.
Bratislava is the capital city of Slovakia.
Wellington is the capital of New Zealand.
Biochemistry is the study of chemical reactions involved with living beings.
Sadness is an emotion.
Microeconomics is the science of how people make decisions at the small scale.
Cryptography  is the practice and study of hiding information; the science used to try to keep a information secret and safe.
Tuesday is the day of the week between Monday and Wednesday.
In some countries, like the United States of America, Wednesday is the fourth day of the week.
According to ISO 8601, Thursday is either the fourth or fifth day of the week.
In some countries, like the United States of America, Friday is the sixth day of the week.
In some countries, like the United States of America, Saturday is the seventh day of the week.
Lao People's Democratic Republic, or Laos for short, is a small country situated in southeast Asia.
Yes is an English word that shows acceptance or agreement, or making a positive response or exclamation.
Amaterasu , Amaterasu-ōmikami  or Ōhiru-menomuchi-no-kami , in Japanese mythology, is the Sun Goddess, and the most sacred of all Shinto deities .
An organism is a living thing.
Kinetic energy is the energy which things have because they are moving.
Potential energy is a form of stored energy.
A ship is a large vehicle used to travel on water.
A boat is a vehicle used to travel on water.
The navy is the part of a country's military that fights on water using boats.
An air force is the country's air arm of the military that fights in the air.
Adware is an advertising computer program that can be installed by other people on someone's computer, sometimes without their permission.
Gender is a commonly used word for a person's sex .
Dutch is the language spoken in the Netherlands.
The Creative Commons licenses relates to the name of copyright licenses released on December 16, 2002.
The Republic of the Marshall Islands  is a Micronesian island nation in the western Pacific Ocean.
An alphabet is a writing system, a list of symbols for writing.
A county is the name for a piece of land.
New York University, also known as NYU, is a big university in New York City.
Bees are flying insects in the ant/bee/wasp order Hymenoptera.
A dragonfly is a kind of insect.
Wind is moving air.
A vertebrate is an animal with a spinal cord or "spine"  inside its body.
An alpha male is the top-ranking animal in a social group.
Street is a town in the county of Somerset, England.
The Republic of Singapore or Singapore is a country in the continent of Asia at the southern end of the Malay peninsula.
Johannesburg is a city in South Africa.
Breakfast is the first meal of the day.
A fast or to fast is when someone stops eating for a long time.
A town is usually a place with a lot of houses, but not a city.
Condensed matter physics is a branch of physics which talks about matter that has its molecules packed together very closely.
A bag is a kind of container.
Gaius Julius Caesar  was a military leader and politician of the Roman Republic in very early times.
Sapporo is the capital city of Hokkaido, Japan.
Hokkaido is the northernmost prefecture in Japan.
Hinduism  is thought to be the oldest major world religion that is still practiced today.
This is a list of elements by symbol.
Hernán Cortés  was an explorer and conqueror from Spain.
Bible study is intensive reading and occupation of the Bible.
The medlar is a tree and the name of the fruit of this tree.
Atheism is the belief that there is no deity .
Hippocrates was a Greek doctor.
Incommensurability is the idea that it is possible to see the world in multiple ways, and that there is not a fair method to see which way is right.
Harvest means to collect what has been planted and grown in the ground.
ELISPOT stands for "Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Spot Assay." This is a laboratory technique for detecting biological cells that generate  various substances.
This is a list of all the Wikipedia articles related to biochemistry.
The Aztec Empire lasted from the 14th to the 16th century.
The word "'billion", and its matching words in other languages, can mean one of two different numbers.
Richard Milhous Nixon  was the 37th President of the United States and the only president to resign.
Gerald Rudolph Ford  was the 38th President of the United States.
John Forbes Kerry  is a Senator from Massachusetts and the Democratic nominee for President in 2004.
The object of White blood cells are to stop a person from getting sick.
Lymphocytes are a type of white blood cell .
An author is a person who writes a book, story, poem, or other written work.
Pedipalps are the two "feelers" on a spider's face.
In chemistry, an ionic compound is a compound made of ions.
The ELISA method  is a technique used in biochemistry to determine if a certain substance--such as a specific cytokine or antigen--is present within a sample.
David Hume  was a philosopher and historian from Scotland.
A bath  or bathtub  is a thing people sit in when washing, to wash all their body; the bath is normally in the bathroom.
A brush can be a lot of different things.
Starch is a complicated carbohydrate.
Thomas Hobbes  was a philosopher from England.
Trevi , an old town and comune of Italy, in the province of Perugia in east central Umbria, 42°53N 12°45E, at 424 meters  above sea-level on the lower part of Mt.
A logo is a picture or drawing that is used by a person, group, or company to mark who they are.
A picture is a group of colored points on a flat surface that looks the same as something else.
Building may be a noun or a verb.
A candle is a stick made of wax with a string  straight in the middle.
Salamanders are amphibians.
Newts are small animals, a kind of salamander.
Poisons  are things that can make people sick or die.
Powder is very small, dry pieces or grains.
A larva is a baby of certain kinds of animals.
Amphibians are a group of vertebrate animals.
A father  is a male parent of someone..
Gills are what fish, amphibians, and some other animals use to breathe in water.
A frog is a amphibian animal.
A chemical compound is a chemical made by joining together atoms of different chemical elements.
Wood is the main substance in trees.
Chalk is a type of limestone.
Utilitarianism is a theory in philosophy about right and wrong.
A village is a place where people live, normally in the countryside.
Chelmsford is a town in the county of Essex, England.
Gangnihessou was the first of twelve kings of Dahomey in Africa.
Tomorrow is the day that comes after today .
The word bridge is also used for a game.
No is a term that means an someone is denying or turning away something.
The Old English language was spoken in England from 450 to 1100.
  = November 7 , 1879 - August 21, 1940) was the public name of Leib or Lev Davidovich Bronstein.
The Second International  was an organization created in 1889 by socialist and labour parties who wanted to work together for international socialism.
Devon is a county of England.
The Roman alphabet is the alphabet used for many modern-day languages.
An insectivore is an animal or insect that eats mostly insects for food.
camera, computer printer, etc.
Vapor  is a mass of small drops of liquid which fly in the air, for example because the liquid has been heated.
A vehicle is a form of transport to move persons from one place to another.
Line dancing is a form of dance that uses  country music to dance to in lines .
The Three Kingdoms of Korea were Goguryeo, Baekje and Silla.
Eckernförde  is a German city in Schleswig-Holstein, Kreis Rendsburg-Eckernförde at the Baltic Sea near Kiel.
Franz Ferdinand Karl Ludwig Josef von Habsburg-Lothringen, Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria-Este   was an Archduke of Austria and, from 1896 until his death, heir presumptive to the Austro-Hungarian emperor.
Black Hand or Crna Ruka, officially Ujedinjenje ili Smrt  was a secret group of Serbian nationalists .
Edmonton is the capital city of Alberta.
Autarky is an economy that does no trade with the outside world.
Bonsai is the art of growing trees and plants, which are kept small.
A chastity belt is a device, locked around the wearer's genitals, intended to prevent sexual intercourse.
Arafat is a hill in Saudi Arabia which holds special religious importance for Muslims.
Ariel Sharon  a former Prime Minister of the state of Israel.
Jameson is a famous brand of Irish whiskey.
Syria is a country in the Middle East, the west part of Asia.
Psychology is the science of human behavior, thought, and feeling.
Louisiana is one state of the United States of America.
A synonym is a word that has the same  meaning as another word.
Yosa Buson , was a Japanese Haiku poet and painter, usually referred to simply as "Buson".
Chopsticks are sticks that are used in some Asian countries to carry food from the plate or bowl to the eater's mouth.
A telephone is an electric tool.
Checkers is the name of several different board games.
Kobe  is the capital of Hyogo prefecture and an important port city in the Kansai district of Western Japan.
Oradea  is the capital city of Bihor County, in Crişana, Romania.
Henry Ford  was a American engineer and businessman.
George Orwell  was an English writer.
Genghis Khan (c.
, born Джугашвили , Georgian:; (December 18 [O.S.
Antigua and Barbuda is an island nation located in the eastern Caribbean Sea on the boundary with the Atlantic Ocean.
San Marino is one of the smallest countries in the world.
Philippe's is a sit-down restaurant in downtown Los Angeles, California, U.S.A..
An orbit is the path - or route - that a planet or another thing makes when it goes around another planet, a star, or a moon.
Funeral is an official ceremony of burying someone who has died.
The Georgian Uprising of Texel  was an insurrection  by Soviet Georgian soldiers on the island of Texel.
A neutrino is a type of elementary particle studied by physicists.
A play is a piece of writing  which we see at a theatre or on television, or hear on the radio.
Phrasal verb is the name given to an English verb which is composed of two or three words.
A season is a part of the year.
Carisbrooke Castle is the Isle of Wight's only remaining medieval castle.
Atlantis is a name for a large island or small continent that might have been in the Atlantic Ocean a long time ago, but sank into the sea and disappeared.
Adjectives and Adverbs can be comparative in English and some other languages.
Asbestos is a natural mineral.
A syllable is the smallest  sound set people can make when they speak.
An umbrella is a hand tool that is used to stop rain from falling on a person.
Netnews is a kind of online service that shares articles between a group of computers over a network.
Diagonal is a kind of straight line.
Kwashiorkor is a type of protein energy malnutrition.
Popocatépetl  is an active volcano and the second highest mountain in Mexico after Pico de Orizaba .
The North Sea is a sea in northern Europe.
There is a paper format called "Letter" or "US Letter".
Napoleon Bonaparte   was a general and Emperor of France.
Anne Frank  was a girl who wrote a diary while she and her family hid from the Nazis.
Jan Peter Balkenende  is a Dutch politician.
Tolerance is not punishing people who do things you actually do not like.
William I of Orange-Nassau,  was an important leader of the Dutch rebellion against the Spanish in the Eighty Years' War.
Simón Bolívar  was a Venezuelan military commander.
In mathematics, Pythagorean theorem or Pythagoras' theorem is a statement about the sides of a right triangle.
Temperature is how hot or cold a thing is.
Tux is a mascot of the Linux operating system; a cartoon penguin made by Larry Ewing in 1996.
Mein Kampf  was a book written by Adolf Hitler and Rudolf Heß.
Computer graphics are visual representations of data displayed on a monitor made on a computer.
FC Bayern Munich, also known as Bayern München, is a well-known German football club.
The Sea.
The Cape of Good Hope is a place near the far south end of Africa.
Hand washing is the process cleaning hands with water and soap or other special chemical liquid, to take off dirt, germs, and poisons.
Franklin Delano Roosevelt  was a Governor of New York and the 32nd President of the United States.
Venezuela is a country in northern South America.
The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia  is an Muslim country in the Middle East.
Colombia is a country of South America.
Abel Janszoon Tasman  was a Dutch sea explorer.
Hard science is science that uses mathematics and experiments to get knowledge.
Artificial intelligence  is the study of mental processes through the use of computational models.
A programmer is a person who makes computer programs using a programming language.
A programming language is the language that a programmer uses to write a computer program.
Visual Basic is a programming language developed by Microsoft for their operating system Windows.
Booting is what happens when a computer starts up.
Tea is a hot or cold drink that is popular in the United Kingdom and United States.
Interlingua is a planned language using words that are found in most West-European languages.
World usually means a planet.
Azerbaijan , or Republic of Azerbaijan, is a country located in South Caucasus region of Eurasia.
An actor is a person who acts, or has a role  in a movie, television show, play, or radio show.
Iron  is the most common metal on Earth.
Muhammad ibn Musa al-Khwarizmi   was a Persian mathematician who lived in Baghdad around the year 830.
Ptolemy is the English name for Claudius Ptolemaeus.
This is a list of famous Mexicans.
Moctezuma II, also known as Motecuhzoma Xocoyotzin  and often called Montezuma in English, was the Aztec emperor  from 1502 to 1520.
Antonio López de Santa Anna Pérez de Lebrón  was a Mexican general and dictator.
Granzymes are enzymes contained within cytotoxic T cells and natural killer cells.
Apartheid is an Afrikaans word meaning "separation" or "being apart".
The Dreyfus Affair was one of the biggest scandals in the history of France.
Baseball is a very popular sport in USA played by two teams that each have 9 players.
An antonym is a word that has the opposite meaning as another word.
In Judaism, God  is known by many names.
The Football League Championship is the new name of the English First Division.
Birmingham is a city and metropolitan district in the West Midlands, England.
Richmond is the capital city of the state of Virginia, in the United States of America.
The American Civil War was a war fought from 1861 to 1865 between northern and southern states of the United States of America.
Tutankhamun  was a Pharaoh  of Ancient Egypt from about 1334 BC to 1323 BC.
The word independence means "not having to depend on anyone or anything else".
Anubis is the Greek name for the ancient god in Egyptian mythology who looks like a man with the head of a jackal.
Atum was the creator of everything in ancient Egyptian mythology.
Anti-Semitism is the hating of or prejudice against Jews.
Esteban Huertas  was a military leader from Panama.
Panama is a country in Central America.
The Spanish language is one of the most common Romance languages that came from the Latin language.
The Nahuatl language is a language spoken by 1.5 million people in Mexico.
Stephen William Hawking, CH CBE FRS  is an English theoretical physicist and mathematician.
Czech Republic  Formerly Czechoslovakia is a country in central Europe, also known as Bohemia.
A flag is a piece of coloured cloth with a special design that is put on a pole as a symbol.
Karaite Judaism is a kind of Judaism that accepts only the Bible as authoritative, and rejects the Mishnah and Talmud, which are explanations of the Bible by rabbis in the first few centuries of the Common Era.
A warship is a ship carrying weapons, which is used by the navy.
A Coast Guard is a military or semi-military organization, similar to the Navy, but its main duties are the protection of a country's sea territories from terrorism and crimes, and to rescue ships and boats in danger.
An equilibrium market price is the price at which there is no tendency for it to change.
The Latin motto "E pluribus unum" was suggested by the first Great Seal committee in 1776.
Samba is a kind of music, dancing, and singing.
A nuclear weapon is a weapon that uses the energy produced by nuclear fission or nuclear fusion.
Chojnów is small city in Poland.
Comics is short for "comic strips", usually a section in a newspaper.
Diamonds are very rare gemstones.
Thanksgiving is a holiday in the USA when people give thanks.
Every year, prizes called Nobel Prizes are given to people who have done very well in different areas.
A graph is a picture designed to express words.
Collision detection is a program made into computers to make it able to detect things which may knock into it.
Berkeley Software Distribution  is a kind of the UNIX operating system that is distributed for free since 1989.
Jacques Cartier was a French trader and explorer.
Vasco da Gama  was a Portuguese sailor.
Kayseri is a city in the center of Turkey.
One example of a lava plateau is the Columbia Plateau in Washington, Oregon, and Idaho in the United States.
Iodised salt  is table salt mixed with tiny amounts of iodine and is used to prevent disease of the thyroid gland.
College is a kind of school, a place where people go to learn skills for future jobs.
A battery is a device that can store electricity.
A knife is a metal tool with a sharpened metal blade that is used to cut all sorts of things.
Nyngan is a town 160 kilometres north West of, and 190 kilometres South east of Bourke in the Central West Plains of New South Wales in Australia.
Photographic film is a sheet of plastic used to record pictures.
Pointing Direction.
Ferdinand Magellan ; Portuguese: Fernão de Magalhães; Spanish: Fernando de Magallanes) was a Portuguese sea explorer, who later sailed for Spain also.
Prince Henry the Navigator  was a prince from Portugal.
Concrete is a very useful material for making all sorts of buildings and structures.
A marathon is a long distance running event where an athlete must run 26 miles and 385 yards.
The Holy Roman Empire  was a collection of regions and free cities which all came under the rule of an emperor who was elected by the princes and magistrates of the regions and cities which comprised it, that existed in central Europe.
Friesland  is a province in the north of the Netherlands The capital of Friesland is Leeuwarden .
Groningen is a province in the Northeast of the Netherlands.
Burgundy  is a historic region in eastern France.
Someone who is a duke is part of the nobility.
Latin is an old language that was spoken by the Romans.
The Middle Ages are a time period in European history.
Louis Bonaparte  , was a brother of Napoleon Bonaparte, who made him King of the Kingdom of Holland in 1806 and deposed him as King in 1810.
Michiel Adriaenszoon de Ruyter  was a famous Dutch admiral.
Johan Rudolf Thorbecke  was an important Dutch politician.
Karel Willem Frederik Marie Doorman  was a Dutch admiral  during World War II.
"The Star-Spangled Banner" is the official national anthem of the United States.
Abdou Diouf  was president of Senegal from 1981 to 2000.
A needle is a small tool used to push or pull a thread through a small hole.
A province is a subdivision of a country.
A Jade is a kind of stone.
Viktor Andriyovych Yushchenko   is the President of Ukraine.
Viktor Fedorovych Yanukovych  , was Prime Minister of Ukraine from November 2002 until December 2004  on 31 December 2004).
In chemistry, a salt is any neutral chemical compound made of cations  bound to anions .
A business is a method of organizing work, where one or more people offer to sell goods or services to other people, for more money than it costs them to make or give it.
Winter is the coldest time of the year.
A junta is a Spanish word that is used for military dictatorships.
Nezahualcoyotl  was king of Texcoco, a part of the Aztec empire.
Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla  was a Mexican priest.
Death penalty, also called capital punishment is when a government or state executes  someone, usually because he or she has done a serious crime.
Kofi Annan  was the Secretary-General of the United Nations.
The United Nations General Assembly is made up of all United Nations member states.
Mining is the process of taking things from the ground.
A bomber is a type of airplane that is used to attack ground targets, mainly by dropping bombs.
Huntingdon Life Sciences  are the largest animal testing company in Europe.
Huntingdon is a town in Cambridgeshire in the United Kingdom.
A condom is a device, normally made of latex, that covers a man's penis during sexual intercourse.
Osaka  is the third largest city of Japan.
The piano is a type of musical instrument.
The main industries are tourism, horticulture  and financial services .
Hedonism is a type of philosophy.
The "Shinkansen"  is a group of high speed railway lines in Japan, upon which the famous "Bullet Trains" run.
Copper is a chemical element.
A prince is a male member of a royal family.
A princess is a female member of a royal family, especially a daughter of a monarch.
An ore is a mineral which has metal inside of it.
Gainesville is a city located in north-central Florida in the United States.
The University of Florida  is a public university that is in Gainesville, Florida in the United States.
The fictional characters, the X-Men, are a team of superheroes who were born with special mutant powers, making them different from regular humans.
Iron Man is a superhero created by Marvel Comics.
Andris Piebalgs  is a Latvian politician.
General Augusto José Ramón Pinochet Ugarte  was leader of the military government that ruled Chile from 1973 to 1990.
Plasma is a form of matter where the atoms are broken into pieces.
Puebla is a state of Mexico.
Daniel Edward Aykroyd  is a Canadian actor in theater and motion pictures.
John Belushi  was a American actor in movies and televion shows.
The Blues Brothers  are fictional characters which became well known from the TV show "Saturday Night Live".
Arnhem is a city in the Netherlands.
KNIL is the abbreviation for a Dutch army.
Bronbeek is a former Royal palace in Arnhem, the Netherlands.
David Bowie was born on January 8, 1947.
Benito Amilcare Andrea Mussolini  ruled Italy as a dictator from 1922 to 1943.
A Puppet state is a country that is officially independent, but is not really.
Banana republic is a pejorative name for a country which has an unstable government and high corruption.
The Kingdom of Holland was a country that existed from 1806 to 1810.
Vittorio Emanuele III  was king of Italy from 1900 to 1946.
An alter ego  is another self — a second personality within a person.
Ziggy Stardust is a fictional character.
The Spiders From Mars was a Rock band from 1970 to 1973.
Michael Schumacher  is a German Formula 1 driver.
Yokohama  is the second largest city in Japan.
Axis countries and Axis Powers are the names for some countries that fought together during World War II.
Icelandic is the language spoken by the people of Iceland.
Passu is a small village by the Khunjerab River in the Northern Areas of Pakistan.It lies at an altitude of 2500m.
The equator is a line which is not real drawn around a planet, such as our Earth.
A rocket is a vehicle, missile or aircraft - manned (e.g.
Advisors are people who give advice.
Rendsburg  is a town in Schleswig-Holstein with 30,000 people.
Jacques René Chirac  was the President of the French Republic from 1995 until 2007.
Mario Jeckle  was a German computer scientist.
The Eighty Years' War, also called Dutch Revolt, was a war between the modern Netherlands and Spain.
An exponent is the number of times another number is multiplied by itself in exponentiation.
Moresnet or Neutral Moresnet  was a very small territory that existed from 1816 to 1919.
MacGyver, a reference to someone who is able to perform amazing feats with the use of very few and often irrelevant objects.
December 22 is the 356th day of the year  in the Gregorian Calendar.
Quarks are smaller than atom particles that, for example, make up neutrons and protons.
The Northern Hemisphere is the part of the Earth that is north of the equator.
Messiah or the Anointed One is the figure promised by God to the Jews for the salvation of the world.
César Estrada Chávez  was the leader of a labor union.
Hamilton is a big city in the Canadian province of Ontario.
Shapes are geometric figures.
Quechua, sometimes written Quichua or Ketchua, is a language spoken by people in the South American nations of Peru, Bolivia, Ecuador, Argentina, Colombia, and Chile.
A pen is a tool used for writing or drawing.
Leet, also called 1337, l33t, Leetspeak, or 13375|>34|< is a language which replaces the Latin alphabet with numbers and ASCII printable symbols.
A waterfall is where there is a sharp fall of water found on a river or stream.
A Garden is usually a piece of land that is used for growing flowers, trees, shrubs, and other plants.
Great Zimbabwe is an important place in Africa.
Machu Picchu was a Inca town in Peru in South America.
A journal or a diary is a book written by a person about their life.
Mac OS X is the name of an operating system, or OS, that runs on computers made by Apple Inc.
Apple is an American company that makes computer hardware, computer software, and portable devices like mobile telephones and music players.
Soil  is the combination of rock, mineral fragments  made by weathering , and organic matter , water, and air.
Organic means it is, or once was, alive.
3-D  means three dimensional, or having three dimensions.
Humidity refers to water vapor in the air, but not to liquid droplets in fog, clouds, or rain.
A Calabi-Yau space is a mathematical construction used by physicists to describe parts of nature that are too small to see with the human eye.
Quantum mechanics explains how "very" small particles behave - like atoms and molecules and subatomic particles like protons, electrons, neutrons.
Duisburg is a German city in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Kuopio is a Finnish city.
A hammer is a tool for putting nails into objects such as wood.
Feces or fæces/faeces (pronounced in IPA:} is the body's solid waste left over from eating food.
Catholicism often means the Roman Catholic Church.
A nail is a metal object with a flat head and a long sharp tip.
A dictatorship is a country where one person has the power to do whatever he or she wants.
Electricity is a type of Energy that can flow through wires.
Sailor Moon is an anime and manga written and drawn by a woman named Naoko Takeuchi.
An anesthetic is a substance that doctors use on people.
Fidel Alejandro Castro Rúz  has been in power in Cuba since 1959.
Latin America is a region of the Americas.
Washington, D.C.
Presidents may be replaced by the Acting President.
1948 is a year in the 20th century.
1949 is a year in the 20th century.
1950 is a year in the 20th century.
John Ronald Reuel Tolkien  was a philologist, university professor, and writer.
Adolescence is the time between being a child and full adult, that is the period of time during which a person is biologically  adult but emotionally  not at full maturity.
KDE  is a desktop environment for operating systems based on Linux or UNIX.
The United Kingdom Independence Party  is a political party that wants Britain to leave the European Union.
David Bowie's first big hit record was the single "Space Oddity" in 1969.
A saxophone is a musical instrument that is made of brass and often just called a "sax".
Bryophytes are simple plants, they are thought to be the simplest.
Kent is a county in England.
Gavrilo Princip  was the Serb man who shot Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria and the wife of the Archduke, Countess Sophie.
A formula is a shortened way of writing an idea.
Independence and Democracy is a group in the European Parliament.
A musician is a person who plays a musical instrument like a guitar or a piano or a person that sings.
Carrots are a type of plant.
Conservatism is a political idea.
In everyday life, a machine is a thing that helps a person to do something by using or changing energy.
Wario Land 4 is a video game for the Game Boy Advance.
"Mrs.
"Super Mario 64 DS" is a game for the Nintendo DS console.
Epistemology  is the part of philosophy that studies knowledge.
The Vauxhall Astra and Toyota Auris are cars like the Focus.
"Friends"  was a comedy television series.
"Seinfeld" was an American television series.
"Joey" was a 2004 American television series.
The Eastern Orthodox Church is a Christian church.
Lisgar Collegiate Institute is located in the capital of Ottawa, Canada.
Aberdeen is a city on the north east coast of Scotland where the rivers Dee and Don flow into the North Sea.
Psoriasis is a skin condition where cells grow at a faster rate than they can be shed, causing excess skin to build up and form scaly patches on the body.
"Jurassic Park" is a 1991 book by Michael Crichton.
Herbert George Wells  was the author of many books in the late 1800s.
The Landseer  is a dog breed.
Glasgow  is the biggest and busiest city in Scotland, and is on the banks of the River Clyde.
Grampian was a government region in north east Scotland.
Scottish Borders is a council area  in south Scotland.
Central was a government region in central Scotland between 1974 and 1995.
Dumfries and Galloway is a region in south west Scotland.
Fife is a region on the East coast of Scotland.
The Highland Council Area is a local government region in north Scotland.
Lothian was a region on the east coast of Scotland.
Strathclyde was a region in west Scotland.
Tayside was a government region on the east coast of Scotland.
Dundee is a city on the east coast of Scotland where the River Tay flows into the North Sea.
Oxford is a town of history.
George VI  was the King of the United Kingdom from 11 December 1936 until he died on 6 February 1952.
Asia Minor is a peninsula.
Zoroastrianism is a religion.
The Science Olympiad is a nation-wide event in the United States that tests students' knowledge in science and technology.
A bookstore is a store that sells books, and where people can buy them.
Lemonade is a drink made with water, lemons or lemon juice, and sugar.
Melting is the process of changing something from a solid into a liquid .
An onomatopoeia is a word that tries to sound the same as a real sound we might hear.
The terms "September 11" and "9/11" have been used by the media to refer to the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center and The Pentagon in the United States of America.
Essex is a county in the east of England.
A county town is the most important town of any county in Britain and Ireland.
Southend-on-Sea is town in England.
Cumbria is a county in England.
Bob Dylan is one of the most famous and successful popular singers of the last 40 years.
Diana Ross is a famous American soul and pop singer.
Enid Blyton  was an English writer.
Saint Denis is the patron saint of France.
The "dragon" is a fictional animal belonging to the world of mythology, story telling and fantasy.
"Every body perseveres in its state of being at rest or of moving uniformly straight ahead, except insofar as it is compelled to change its state by forces impressed." [Cohen & Whitman 1999 translation] "Every object stays at rest or stays moving at the same speed unless something makes it change." .
Sherlock Holmes is a character from books written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
York is a large city in the United Kingdom.
North Yorkshire is a large county in the English Region called Yorkshire and the Humber in the north of England.
Pig Latin is an language code or game and is most often used by children who speak English.
A nickname is a special name that a person may be called that is different from their real name or from the name they were given by their parents.
Dr Martin Luther King, Junior  was a famous American who fought for human rights.
"Jumanji" is a 1995 movie starring Robin Williams, which was based loosely on a 1982 children's book of the same name by Chris Van Allsburg.
Neopets is a website that lets its users create pets, and take care of them.
Queen Victoria  was the queen of Great Britain and Ireland from 1837 until 1901.
"Freak the Mighty" is the name of a book by Rodman Philbrick.
Daniel Handler  is the real name of Lemony Snicket, author of the popular "A Series of Unfortunate Events" books.
Global warming is a term regarding the slow increase of the earth's temperature.
Ammonia is a chemical.
In chemistry, an alkali is an aqueous  solution with a pH of more than seven.
The garage rock duo is known for their trademark red, white, and black colors and clothing, their frequent use of the number three, and their peppermint motif.
The Millennium Dome is a large dome-shaped building in Greenwich in South East London, UK.
A millennium is a time period of one thousand  years.
Hotmail is a free e-mail service provided by Microsoft.
The "Harry Potter" books are a popular series of fantasy books by J.
Joanne Kathleen Rowling  is the author of the "Harry Potter" books.
"Charmed" is an American television series.
The media can mean television, radio, newspapers and magazines.
A seaman is a man that works at sea on boats, ships, or submarines.
The Falkland Islands  are a group of islands in the South Atlantic ocean, off the coast of South America.
Neil Armstrong was born in August 5th 1930 in Ohio in a farm with his grandparents in the United States.
A caretaker is someone who has the job of looking after a building.
Samuel Beckett  was born in Dublin in Ireland.
Vegetarianism is the practice of not eating meat or fish.
A British person or object comes from the United Kingdom , the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands .
ThinkQuest is a contest that is participated in by students of schools in the United States and other countries.
Terry Gilliam  is an American-born cartoonist and filmmaker.
John Cleese (b.
Sir Arthur Ignatius Conan Doyle  was a Scottish doctor and author.
Ray Charles   was an American musician.
Jalisco is a state of Mexico.
Ferrari is an Italian car company that makes fast cars.
The Daihatsu Motor Company Ltd.
A hydrocarbon is a type of chemical compound.
Shanghai is the biggest city in China.
Hunter S.
Johnny Depp  is an American actor.
"Uncle John's Bathroom Readers" is the name of a series of books.
Catalonia  is a part of Spain placed on north-east, recognized as an "Autonomous Community".
Civil engineering is the term for work of building structures.
__NOTOC__ .
Golden Gate Bridge is a bridge over the San Francisco Bay, from San Francisco to Marin County, in the U.S.
The kitchen is the room in the house where food is cooked.
Software engineering is designing and writing programs for computers.
A student is a person who is learning something.
A suburb is an area of a town or city a little away from the main center, where there are fewer big buildings and mainly houses, schools and shops.
A skyscraper is a very tall building, usually more than 152 metres  in height.
Integers are the whole numbers.
Natural numbers are the numbers used for counting things.
The Golden Rule is to "do to others what you would have them do to you." This means - treat others how you would like to be treated.
Leicester is a city in the Midlands, in England.
Hollywood is a district in Los Angeles, California.
"SNL" was created and is executive-produced by Lorne Michaels and started in 1975 as "NBC's Saturday Night".
Elvis Aaron Presley  was one of first and most famous American rock and roll's superstars.
Sherwood Forest is a forest in the United Kingdom near Nottingham, England.
The Mount Everest is the largest and highest mountain in the world.
Luanda is the capital and the largest city of Angola.
Pepsi is a carbonated cola soft drink.
Penguins are sea-birds.
March 6 is the 65th day of the year in the Gregorian calendar .
Cannibalism is the practice of eating your own species.
Halloween is a holiday in many English speaking countries that is celebrated on the night of October 31st.
Magdalena Carmen Frida Kahlo y Calderón  usually known as Frida Kahlo was a Mexican painter.
"Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas: A Savage Journey to the Heart of the American Dream" is a book written by Hunter S.
Graham Chapman  was a British actor, writer, and doctor.
Michael Palin  is an English actor, world traveller, and author.
Terry Jones  is a Welsh writer, actor, and historian.
New York is one of the 50 states of the United States of America, and one of the thirteen original states.
"For the page about the band, see The Rolling Stones." "Rolling Stone" is a popular culture magazine.
Ralph Steadman is a British cartoonist and illustrator.
Tunisia  is a country in North Africa.
1972 was a leap year in the 20th century.
Malaysia is a tropical country in Southeast Asia.
Mickey Mouse is the most popular cartoon characters in the world.
Human immunodeficiency virus  is a retrovirus that infects the human immune system.
Frank Vincent Zappa  was an American musician and composer.
Tasmania is a large island off the southern coast of mainland Australia.
"M*A*S*H" was a media franchise that had several novels, a movie, and several television series.
Donald Sutherland  is a Canadian actor.
Paul Martin Jr.
A machine gun is a weapon that can fire one bullet after another as long as the trigger is pulled and there are bullets ready to fire.
Robin Hood is a folk hero from the middle ages.
Basketball is a very popular sport played with a round, orange ball that bounces, also called a basketball.
A folk hero is a person, who may or may not have existed, and is famous and well liked by people, or people of a certain country.
January 1 is the first day of the calendar year in the Julian calendar and the Gregorian calendar.
Seth Green  is an American actor.
Ashton Kutcher  is an American actor.
Linus Benedict Torvalds is a computer scientist, born in December 28, 1969, in Helsinki, the capital of Finland.
Thomas Jefferson  was the third President of the United States, and author of the Declaration of Independence.
Tahiti is an island in the southern Pacific Ocean.
Geneva is a canton in Switzerland.
Henry John Heinz III  was an American politician from Pennsylvania and the great-grandson of the founder of H.
"The Tempest" is one of William Shakespeare's last comedies.
A calendar is a system for assigning calendar dates to days.
Randall "Tex" Cobb  was an American boxer from Texas.
Aquilino Q.
Pat Robertson  is an American evangelist and host of the 700 Club, a Christian news and talk show on television.
"Full House" is an American comedy television series.
Hot Press is a music and political magazine.
The "Alabama Song" comes from the 1930 operetta "Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny".
The Doors was an American rock band.
Mickey Gilley  is a country musician and singer.
Jerry Lee Lewis  is an American musician.
Jimmy Swaggert  is a televangelist .
Johnny Cash (born J.
Pluto is the god of the Underworld in Roman mythology.
Maoism is the communist  idea created by the Chinese man Mao Zedong.
C++  is a computer programming language.
The Korean War was a war fought in Korea between armies from North Korea and from South Korea.
John Landis  is an American film director.
March 21 is the 80th day of the year in the Gregorian calendar .
Edith Massey  was an American actress.
The "Statue of Liberty"  or "Lady Liberty" is a large statue in the harbor of New York City.
Ankst is a Welsh independent record label formed in 1988 at Aberystwyth University.
October 4 is the 277th day of the year  in the Gregorian Calendar.
February 11 is the 42nd day of the year in the Gregorian calendar.
Thomas Stearns Eliot , was an American poet.
Andrew Lloyd Webber, Baron Lloyd-Webber  is a very successful English composer/songwriter of musical theatre.
Holidays.
Bob Kane  was an American cartoonist.
Batman is one of the most popular superheroes of all-time.
Val Kilmer  is an American actor, best known for his roles in "Tombstone", "The Doors", and "Batman Forever".
Eva Gabor  was a Hungarian born actress.
An athlete is a person who has above average physical skills  and is able to perform physical activities, in particular, contests.
Snoopy is the name of Charlie Brown's pet beagle in the comic strip "Peanuts", by Charles M.
John Wilkes Booth  was an American actor who is most famous for being the man who killed Abraham Lincoln on April 14 1865 in Washington, DC.
Annapolis is the capital city of the U.S.
Keanu Charles Reeves  is an American actor.
Kurt Donald Cobain  was the lead singer and guitarist of the grunge band Nirvana, which also included bassist Krist Novoselic and drummer Dave Grohl.
Mikhail Sergeyevich Gorbachyov   , was the leader of the Soviet Union from 1985 until 1991.
"Tron" is a 1982 Walt Disney Productions science fiction movie starring Jeff Bridges as Kevin Flynn , Bruce Boxleitner as Alan Bradley  and Cindy Morgan as Lora .
"Garfield" is a famous comic strip created by Jim Davis.
Michael Moore  is an American writer and filmmaker.
Hawaiian Punch is the name of a brand of sweetened fruit punch drinks owned by Dr Pepper/Seven Up, Inc.
Whales are marine mammals, because most of them live in the oceans.
A marker is a writing device that allows a person to draw, write, or scribble.
Anchors are used to stop boats from moving.
Light pollution is a type of pollution.
Nintendo  is a company that makes video games and video game consoles.
São Paulo  is the capital of the state of São Paulo, Brazil.
A DVD  is an optical disc capable of storing up to 4.7 GB of data as opposed to the 700 MB that a CD can hold.
A submarine is a vessel that goes under water.
Lebanon is a country in the Middle East , on the Mediterranean Sea.
Alan Alda   is an American actor.
Sally Kellerman  is an American movie actress.
"Hägar the Horrible" is the title of a comic strip and the name of the main character.
Baghdad  is the capital city and largest city in Iraq.
The Mediterranean Sea is a body of water that separates Europe, Africa and Asia.
Dame Shirley Veronica Bassey  is a Welsh singer, she is best known for singing the theme songs for the James Bond films, "Goldfinger", "Diamonds are Forever", and "Moonraker".
Captain Beefheart AKA Don Van Vliet born Don Glen Vliet  was an American singer.
The C programming language is a computer programming language that works close to the hardware.
"Drake and Josh" is a Nickelodeon television series.
The Amanda Show is a sketch comedy television series starring Amanda Bynes, formerly of "All That".
Sally Kristen Ride  is an American former astronaut and astrophysicist who in 1983 became the first American woman to reach outer space.
A court, in law, is a part of the government that decides what laws mean when people disagree.
Birth  means when a baby animal comes out of its egg, or out of its mother after pregnancy.
Pollution is when something causes some sort of damage or problem because it is where it is not supposed to be, or there is too much of it.
Immunity is being able to keep from getting sick from a certain disease.
The Inca were a civilization  and an empire  in western South America.
A Roman numeral is the name for a number when it is written in the way the Romans used to write numbers.
A map is usually a picture of the Earth or part of the Earth.
A globe is a picture of a planet drawn on a sphere.
Noah is a religious figure in Judeo-Christian and Islamic religious text.
"Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide" is a children's TV show on Nickelodeon.
VH1  is an American television network.
A Cabinet is a group of important people in a government, who normally represent the head of government.
A newspaper is a publication printed on paper and issued regularly, usually once a day or once a week.
Public domain is a phrase that describes something that belongs to all people in general: the public.
A child  is someone who is not an adult yet, or a person who has not reached puberty.
Nickelodeon is an American Cable television network.
James Earl "Jimmy" Carter, Jr.
Cannes  is a city and commune of the French department of Alpes-Maritimes.
Theodore "Teddy" Roosevelt , was the 26th president of the United States.
A composer is someone who writes  music.
Henry VIII  was the King of England from 1509 until his death.
An orchestra is a group of musicians playing instruments together.
Homosexuality is the sexual orientation for a person who is sexually and romantically attracted to people of their own gender.
Dwight David "Ike" Eisenhower   was an American soldier and politician.
A ball is a round object that is used in sports and games, or sometimes other things.
Ferrocement is both a method and a material used in building or sculpting with cement, sand, water and wire or mesh material.
A camera lens is usually made of glass and is part of a camera.
A boy is a young male .
A company clerk is a person who keeps files, does secretarial work, etc., at an office or military camp or base.
Sir James Paul McCartney  is Britain's most successful musician and composer, and one of the most successful musicians in the world.
Afrikaners are white South Africans that speak Afrikaans as mother tongue and associate themselves with the Afrikaans culture..
John Winston Ono Lennon  was a member of the rock band The Beatles.
An invention is a new thing that someone has made.
Genocide is the crime of killing many people who are all part of one ethnic group, religious group, or some sort of similar group, and trying to destroy that group.
Yoko Ono  is a Japanese-born musician and artist.
The coast is where the land meets the sea.
George Harrison  was an English musician.
Ravi Shankar  is one of India's most famous musicians.
A sentence is a group of words that are put together to mean something.
James Augustine Aloysius Joyce   was a famous Irish writer and poet of the modernist movement.
The Andes are a mountain range along the western coast of South America.
A meal is a serving of food eaten by human beings.
Leipzig is the biggest city in the state of Saxony .
Veal is meat from a very young calf.
Evil means anything which is bad or wrong.
1872 was a leap year in the 19th century.
Poznań is the biggest city in Wielkopolska in Poland.
James Maury "Jim" Henson  was an American artist, puppeteer, and moviemaker.
Game Boy Advance Video is a format of cartridges for the Gameboy Advance.
A butterfly is a flying insect.
Nazism was a political movement in Germany.
Pork is the meat that comes from a pig or hog.
Mike Farrell  is an American actor and activist.
David Ogden Steirs  is an American actor and voice artist.
"Beauty and the Beast" is a French folk story.
Wayne Rogers  is an American television and movie actor.
McLean Stevenson  was an American actor.
Friedrich Georg Wilhelm von Struve ) was a German-born Russian astronomer.
"Mario Party" is a series of video games created by Nintendo and Hudson.
Helsinki is the capital city of Finland.
Jehovah's Witnesses try to obey Jesus' command to teach and make disciples .
A wife is a married woman.
Catherine Parr (c.
Queen is an English rock band.
Paul Simon and Art Garfunkel were an American pop music group.
Madagascar is a large island nation in the Indian Ocean, off the east coast of Africa.
A board game is a game usually played with pieces on a board-like area.
Aerosmith is a popular American rock band, formed in 1970 in Boston.
Brighton is a city on the south coast of England.
Vincent Willem van Gogh, usually known simply as Vincent van Gogh,  was a Dutch painter.
A rainbow is an arc of color in the sky that you can see when the sun shines through falling rain.
The Central Intelligence Agency  is a part of the United States government.
Thomas Dolby is a British musican and computer designer.
An earthquake-proof building is a building that has been built to survive an earthquake.
Rio de Janeiro is the second largest Brazilian city.
Andrew Jackson  was a hero in the War of 1812.
A pillow is a soft cushion that a person puts under their head when they are sleeping in a bed.
A whaler is a person who hunts whales, or the boat they use.
Crayons are writing tools made with colored wax, water and talcum powder or chalk.
Self-defense means fighting off something or another person to protect yourself and maybe others.
March 22 is the 81st day of the year in the Gregorian calendar .
Dodgeball is a sport played by throwing soft balls at people in a square court.
A local area network  is a network  of computers in a small area like a home, office, or school.
Pharaohs were the rulers of ancient Egypt.
"Gilligan's Island" is one of the most popular television series in the history of television.
A diaper  is a piece of clothing worn by whose who cannot control their urine or feces.
"Mork and Mindy" was an American comedy television series.
1954  was a common year starting on Friday of the Gregorian calendar.
American Samoa is a territory of the United States in Samoan Islands, in the South Pacific Ocean.
Disgust is an emotion.
Ovens are heated containers which can be closed.
A cooking pot is a vessel to cook in.
A liquid is a form of matter that has an almost-fixed volume but no set shape.
Other websites.
White is the color of pure sunlight.
French Guiana is a French province in South America.
Nigger is a racist word to describe people of African descent.
A biography is the story of a real person's life.
January 3 is the third day of the year in the current calendar system we use.
Ralph Nader  is an American attorney, politician and political activist.
Jamie Farr  is an American actor of Lebanese descent.
Free software is open source software that anyone may run, share, and change, at any time, for any reason.
A zookeeper is a worker in a zoo.
A cage is a box which is made to keep something inside of, without it being able to get out .
A toddler is a child between the ages of one to three years old.
Ronald McDonald is a clown character who is a mascot of the McDonald's fast-food restaurant.
Robert Nesta "Bob" Marley  was an important Jamaican musician in the 1970s and 1980s.
Leonardo Wilhelm DiCaprio  is an American actor.
John Candy  was a Canadian actor.
Field Marshal Erwin Rommel  was an officer of the German army in World War II.
Fermentation is the process in which cells convert glucose  into either alcohol or vinegar along with some other products.
A flower is a part of a plant.
Penelope is really Amanda Bines with a wig and glasses on.
A square kilometre  is based on the SI unit of measurement of area, the "square metre".
A judge is a man or woman who is in control of a court of law.
A person is guilty of doing something if they have done something really bad.
Length is a property of a thing that can be measured.
Weight is a property of matter on the earth.
A thing is true if it is correct.
The Republic of Zimbabwe is a country in the southern part of the continent of Africa.
Monaco is the second smallest country in the world; about 34,000 people live there.
Jettingen is a village in the south-west of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Kenneth Wayne Jennings III  was the highest money earning contestant in the history of the knowledge game show "Jeopardy!".
Sublimation is the process by which a solid transforms into a gas without passing through the liquid stage.
Malcolm McDowell  is an English actor.
MAD Magazine is a humor and satire magazine that started in 1952 as a 10 cent comic book parody of other comics.
Traverse City is a town in the northern Lower Peninsula of Michigan, United States.
Will Smith  is an American actor and rapper from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
  is a Russian politician.
Henry the VII or Henry Tudor  was king of England from 1485 to 1509.
Dover is a town on the coast in Kent in the UK.
Tonbridge is a town in Kent in England.
Inverness is a city in north Scotland.
A boycott is a protest where the protesters do not buy a product or give money to a company.
When something is man-made, it has been made by humans, not nature.
King Arthur is a legendary king in the mythology of Great Britain.
John "Johnny Appleseed" Chapman  is an American folk hero.
A Compact Disc or "CD" is a flat round disc used to store digital data.
Maidstone is a town in Kent in the England.
Clive Staples Lewis  was an Irish author and scholar.
John Patrick Ennis , also known as Sollog, is a controversial American "psychic".
The Corrs is a folk rock music group from Ireland.
Aaron is a biblical figure.
Paula Abdul  is a American singer and dancer.
Douglas Adams  was a British writer.
Tom Arnold  is an American actor and comedian.
Beatrice "Bea" Arthur  is an American actress.
Dave Attell  is an American comedian and host of the TV show "Insomniac with Dave Attell", shown on Comedy Central in the United States.
Karel Appel  was a Dutch painter.
Randall Charles Bachman  is a Canadian musician.
Sir James Matthew Barrie  was a Scottish-born writer.
Riga is the capital city of the European country of Latvia.
Pope John Paul II was born in Wadowice, Poland on May 18, 1920 as Karol Józef Wojtyła and died on April 2, 2005.
Marvel Comics is a company that makes "superhero" comic books.
Lincoln is the capital city of Nebraska, United States .
Nuclear fission is when atoms split apart into smaller atoms.
The Fantastic Four is a team of superheroes.
Bob Barker  was the host of the television game show "The Price is Right" .
Connect Four is a simple game.
The Nintendo DS is the third newest handheld game system from Nintendo.
Sam Neill  is an New Zealand actor.
March 18 is the 77th day of the year in the Gregorian calendar .
A meteoroid is what you see when a space rock, called a meteoroid is falling to Earth.
The word similarity means that two or more things share some property.
Notepad is a word processing program.
Max Karl Ernst Ludwig Planck  was a physicist from Germany.
Jay Leno  is an American comedian who works on late night television.
Vancouver is a coastal city and major seaport, located on the mainland of southwestern British Columbia, Canada.
Nunavut is a territory in Canada.It was founded in 1999 when many Inuit living in the Northwest Territories wanted to have an independent province and government.
Stephen Glenn Martin  is an American comedian and actor.
Richard Attenborough  is an English movie producer and actor.
Robin Williams  is an American actor and comedian.
Bamboo is a name for more than one thousand species of giant grasses.
The Trojan War was one of the greatest wars in Greek mythology.
A cruise ship  is a large ship with sleeping cabins that takes people on holiday and vacationtrips.
Windows Media Player is a digital media player made by Microsoft.
Listen Up! was a 2004 CBS television series.
Jurassic Park III is a 2001 motion picture and the third "Jurassic Park" movie.
Laura Elizabeth Dern  is an American actress.
A movie trailer is a short showing of a future  movie.
Michael Crichton  was the author of many books.
Andreas Bernd Baader  was born in Munich, Germany was a German terrorist.
Meher Baba  was a spiritual teacher who lived in India.
"Uno" is a card game that was made by Merle Robbins in 1971.
Electrical engineers develop  different things that use electricity in a helping way.
Design is a visual look and/or a shape given to a certain object, in order to make it more attractive, make it more comfortable or to improve another characteristic.
"Star Trek" is a science fiction television show.
A tunnel is an underground passage.
The Salvation Army is a Christian organization.
An orphanage  is an institution which cares for children whose parents have died or have abandoned them.
The London Underground is a system of electric trains operating in London, United Kingdom.
"Democracy Now!" is a radio and TV program that has generally liberal views.
The Socialist Party is a Socialist political party active in England and Wales and part of the Committee for a Workers' International.
Socialist Teachers are a group of members of the Socialist Party  in the National Union of Teachers.
The National Union of Teachers is the largest teachers union in the United Kingdom.
In some cases, those parties are more social-democrat than socialist.
Other websites.
David Eric Grohl, usually known as Dave Grohl, is an American rock musician and singer.
Embryo is an early stage of animal or human development.
Wordpad, like Notepad allows the user to word process items.
Paint is a computer program made by Microsoft.
My Computer is seen on the Microsoft Windows computers.
A trilogy is a series with three parts.
A series is a group of several things that are all about the same thing, or are intentionally similar.
Synesthesia  is what happens when the brain mixes up the senses.
A moose   is a mammal of the deer family.
Stanley Kubrick  was an American film  director.
The Kyoto Protocol is a plan created by the United Nations for the "United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change" that tries to reduce the effects of climate change, such as global warming.
To ratify  is to adopt  an important document or treaty that affects an entire country.
In science, a physical constant is a number  which does not change.
A movie director is a person who helps lead the making of a movie .
Jack Nicholson  is an American actor.
January 4 is the third day of the year in the current calendar system we use.
Autism is a problem with the way the brain grows and develops.
Italian is a language spoken by about 70 million people, mostly people from Italy, from which it gets its name.
The Republic of Namibia is a country in southern Africa on the Atlantic coast.
Jubal Anderson Early  was a Confederate general in the American Civil War.
Lewis Carroll was the pen name of Charles Lutwidge Dodgson , a British writer, math expert, Anglican clergyman, and photographer.
Belize is a country in Central America.
Michael Landon  was an American actor.
The RMS "Titanic"  was a British passenger ship.
Steel is a mixture of several metals  but most of it is iron.
The Luftwaffe  is the name for the air force of Germany.
The Velvet Underground was an American rock band.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy , also known as JFK, was the 35th president of the United States of America.
Jyväskylä is the capital of the Finnish province Central Finland by the northern end of lake Päijänne.
Alfred Hitchcock  was a British-born film director.
Black comedy is a style of humor  that is about something serious that might upset people or people have problems with .
Elliot Gould   is a well-known American actor.
An equation is a mathematical or chemical object.
A canteen is a bottle which can be re-used.
A beadle is someone who works at a church or a Jewish synagogue and helps the clergy.
A vegetable is part of a plant that is eaten by humans, but is not a fruit, nut, herb, spice, or grain.
Olivine  is a mineral that ranges in color from chartreuse green to pale olive.
An economy is a system of exchange.
March 7 is the 66th day of the year in the Gregorian calendar .
An engine, or motor, is a machine for converting thermal energy into mechanical energy or power to produce force and motion.
Belarus is a country in eastern Europe.
Steam is the name given to water when it is a gas.
A steering wheel is a circular object used by the driver of a car or boat to change the direction it is moving.
The German Democratic Republic  ), commonly called East Germany , was founded on October 7,1949, after World War II.
Netball is a sport played in two teams of seven.
The atomic number of an atom is the number of protons in the atom.
Cardinal numbers  are numbers that say "how many" of something there are, for example: one, two, three, four, five.
March 4 is the 63rd day of the year in the Gregorian Calendar .
Merchant marine is a term used in many places to talk about commercial ships and crews.
FreeBSD is an operating system for many different kinds of computers.
Garry Marshall  is an influential American writer, producer, and actor.
Johnny Weissmuller  was an American swimmer and actor.
Priscilla Presley  is an American actress.
Drunkenness is the state of intoxication by alcohol.
Canada Dry is a brand name belonging to a company that produces beverages.
Ginger ale is a soft drink flavored with the root of a plant known as ginger.
Shaving is removing hair from the face or other body part with a razor.
Hygiene is the act of being clean.
Image:Spork.png|thumb|Van Brode Milling Company a> application drawing.
Vauxhall Astra is a car produced by General Motors since 1979.
The Ford Ka is a very small car made by the Ford Motor Company in Spain and Brazil.
Tower Bridge is a bridge in London.
A waiter is a person who "waits" on tables, often at a restaurant or cafe.
Steven Spielberg  is an American movie director.
A variable is a special type of amount or quantity which can change its value.
Salvador Allende Gossens  was a physician, senator, minister of health and the President of Chile from November 3, 1970 until his murder on September 11, 1973.
Authority is the ability of a person or an organization to conduct a certain lifestyle for another person or a group.
Musical instruments are things used to make music.
Winston Leonard Spencer Churchill was an English politician, who was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom during and after the World War II.
The Golan Heights is a strip of land that was part of Syria until Israel captured it in the Six Day War of 1967.
The pupil is the opening in the centre of the eye.
A translator reads something written in one language and speaks it or writes it in another language.
Cambodia or Kampuchea is a country in Southeast Asia.
A teenager, or teen, is a young person whose age is between thirteen and nineteen.
The age of something/someone is how old he/she/it is.
1600 is the last year of the 16th century; 1601 is the actual first year of the 17th century.
An adult is someone grown up completely, or mature.
A colony is a place controlled by a another country.
A sonic boom is created when an object travels faster than the speed of sound.
Sikkim is Republic of India's smallest state in terms of population and second smallest in area after Goa and has an area of 2,745 sq mi , it is bigger than Palestinian territories but smaller than the Georgian territory of Abkhazia.
A Spelling bee is a spoken spelling competition.
Birth control or contraception is a way to prevent pregnancy during sexual intercourse.
A role-playing game  is a game in which one plays the role of one or several characters , either verbally , in a computer or video game, or alone.
Arabic  is a Semitic language, in the same family as Hebrew and Aramaic.
Dresden  is the capital of the Free State of Saxony.
Free will is the theory that every person can decide what to do freely.
March 3 is the 62nd day of the year in the Gregorian calendar .
Irrigation is when people add water to plants, to help them grow when there is not enough rain.
The Glastonbury Festival is a very big music festival.
Detroit is the largest city in the state of Michigan in the United States.
War communism is the name for the economic policies that Vladimir Lenin introduced in Russia.
New Economic Policy is the name for the new economy introduced by Lenin after the failed methods of War communism.
Foreign aid is when one country helps another country.
Hydroelectricity is electricity that is made by the movement of water.
Mallaig is a small town in Scotland.
Cramlington is a town in the county of Northumberland, in the north-east of England.
Belfast  is the capital of Northern Ireland.
Dungeness is a place on the coast in Kent, England.
There are many power stations around the world, because many things need electricity to work.
The mind is the part of a person that thinks, reasons, perceives, wills, and feels.
Reality is a noun referring to anything that is real.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley  was an author best known for writing the novel "Frankenstein".
Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela  was the first President of South Africa to be elected in a fully-represented democratic election.
"Don Quixote" is a novel by Miguel de Cervantes.
To swim is to move through water.
Archimedes  was a Greek scientist.
Radio is a machine for sending signals over a long distance, that uses electromagnetic waves, or radio signals, to send electronic information from one place to another without wires.
"For the Wikipedia term, please see Vandalism." Vandalism is destroying or damaging the property of another.
Monopoly is a board game played by two to eight players.
"Still Standing" is a CBS sitcom starring Mark Addy.
IGN is a gaming website that was first launched in 2000.
Socks are often worn on a person's foot.
"Everybody Loves Raymond" was 1996 American television series.
A lighthouse is a tall house that has a light placed near the top.
"Joan of Arcadia" is a CBS drama starring Amber Tamblyn.
A lunchbox is used to carry a person's lunch.
The Game of Life is a popular board game.
A poster is a large piece of printed paper that contains a picture of something.
Gretchen Wilson  is a popular country music singer.
Elizabeth "Blue" Balliett Klein  is an American writer.
An eyelash is a hair that grows at the edge of the eyelids.
Prague  is the capital and the biggest city of the Czech Republic.
A wallet is a leather or fabric container that a person uses to hold money, credit cards, and business cards.
A memory card is a small card inside a computer, or other electronic device, such as a digital camera.
A printer is a piece of hardware for a computer.
"Chasing Vermeer" is a children's novel.
The Great Wall of China is a very old stone wall in China which was built to protect the north of the empire of China from enemy attacks.
The Amazon river  in Portuguese and Spanish) is a river that flows in tropical forests of South America, mainly Brazil.
A pyramid is a shape.
The Care Bears are a very successful toy franchise from the 1980s.
Bolzano  is the capital city of the province of Bolzano-Bozen in northern Italy.
"Flubber" is a movie with Robin Williams as Prof.
Mary Wollstonecraft  was an English philosopher and early feminist.
The Isle of Wight is an island that is just off the south coast of England.
Alzheimer's disease is a disease that slowly destroys a person's memory until he or she dies.
Elaine Paige is an English actress and singer.
Marti Webb is a British actress and singer born in London in 1944.
Most of these combinations come from poker.
Tim Rice is a English songwriter and writer.
Evita is a musical written by Tim Rice and Andrew Lloyd Webber, based on the life of Eva Peron , the wife of Argentine President Juan Peron.
March 8 is the 67th day of the year in the Gregorian calendar .
"Sunset Boulevard" was originally a movie made in 1950 starring Gloria Swanson as a silent screen actress.
Molière  was a French actor, director and writer.
Sealand is a very small country in the North Sea, but it is not an island.
A Sticky note is a small piece of paper with a strip of glue along one edge that make it "sticky," so you can stick it to things.
An advertisement  is anything that draws good attention towards a product, service or person.
Becker was a 1998 American television series.
A digital camera is a camera that uses an electronic sensor instead of film.
"Cheers" is the name of a long-running sitcom made by Charles-Burrows-Charles Productions in association with Paramount Television for NBC.
"Jackie Chan Adventures" was an animated television series.
A stapler is an office tool that is used to place thin items such as paper together.
Pixar is a very popular animation studio, which is well known for its extremely advanced CGI productions.
"Finding Nemo" is the name of a Disney/Pixar animated movie which first showed in 2003.
Fibonacci  was a famous Italian mathematician.
Richard Stallman  is the founder of the free software movement, the GNU project, and the Free Software Foundation.
The National Hockey League or NHL, is the highest-level ice hockey league in the world.
Isaac Asimov  was a Russian writer.
March 5 is the 64th day of the year in the Gregorian Calendar .
March 24 is the 83rd day of the year in the Gregorian calendar .
June 4 is the 155th day of the year in the Gregorian calendar , with 210 days remaining.
Holidays and observances.
February 24 is the 55th day of the year in the Gregorian Calendar.
In the study of life and living things, evolution is the term used to describe the way a type of living thing changes over a long period of time.
Bedfordshire is a county of England.
March 26 is the 85th day of the year in the Gregorian calendar .
March 20 is the 79th day of the year in the Gregorian calendar .
American Football  is a team sport played by two teams of people with 11 players on each side.
The Ugly Duckling  is a fairy tale written by Hans Christian Andersen.
A mockery is something said about someone or something to make that person or thing look bad.
Before learning the General Theory of Relativity one must know about the Special theory of relativity.
Rutland is the smallest county of England.
Adlai Ewing Stevenson  was an American politician.
Toledo is a large city in Ohio, USA.
The Carpenters were an American musical duo.
Jerry Reed  is an American country music singer and actor.
1990 was a year in the 20th century.
The Bee Gees were an Australian singing group consisting of three brothers Barry Gibb , and twins Maurice Gibb  and Robin Gibb .
The Improverts are an improvised comedy group based in Edinburgh, Scotland.
Taipei 101 is 101-floor building located in Taipei, Taiwan.
February 4 is the 35th day of the year in the Gregorian Calendar.
Sergio Aragonés  is a popular cartoonist.
Lisa Bonet  is an American actress.
Tobacco is a plant of the nightshade family, found mainly in North America and South America.
Jerusalem is the capital of Israel.
The Rocky Mountains or the Rockies are a range of mountains in the Western United States and Canada.
Brooklyn is one of the 5 boroughs of New York City.
Cornish is a very old language from the country of Cornwall in the south west of England, UK.
Places in the United States  .
The Watergate scandal happened when United States President Richard Nixon, a Republican, was tied to a crime in which former FBI and CIA agents broke into the offices of the opposing Democratic Party.
Cyan is the color halfway between blue and green on the color wheel.
Purple is a color that combines blue and red.
La Liga Filipina was an organization created by Doctor Jose Rizal on July 3, 1982 in the Philippines.
March 31 is the 90th day of the year in the Gregorian calendar , with 275 days remaining.
Other websites.
Sir Elton Hercules John  is a British musician.
The Who are a popular English rock band.
Led Zeppelin were an English hard rock and heavy metal band.
Closed source  software is the opposite of Open source.
A USB Flash drive is a small computer storage device that connects directly to a USB port with a built-in connector.
The ostrich  is a large flightless bird that lives in Africa.
Sharks are part of a group of fish called cartilagenous fish with skeletons made of cartilage instead of bone.
Vultures are large birds of prey that usually feed on carrion .
Eagles are large birds of prey that are related to hawks, falcons, and Old World vultures.
Falcons are small birds of prey and are related to hawks and eagles.
Islington is a district in north London, in the United Kingdom.
Sirindhorn International Institute of Technology  is an institute of technology in Thammasat University, Thailand.
The Ainu are an ethnic group.
The "Iliad" is, along with the "Odyssey", one of the two major Greek epic poems traditionally attributed to Homer, written in Greece about 700–650 BC.
A drug is any biological substance that is not taken for dietary needs.
William B.
A centimetre  is a unit of length in the SI measurement system.
Marilyn Manson is a rock band, and also the name of the lead singer of the group.
Aubrey Beardsley  was a English illustrator.
Matrix theory is the theory  of all the different known universes coming together into one 4 dimensional world.
The "Odyssey" is, along with the "Iliad", one of the two major Greek epic poems traditionally said to be written by Homer.
Mae West  was an American actress and movie star.
Lenny Bruce , was an American comedian.
Kimchi is a traditional Korean food made from Chili and vegetables.
Robert Bernard Altman  is an American film director.
The Vietnam Veterans Memorial, also called the Wall, honors the men and women who died in the Vietnam War.
Maya Ying Lin  is a Chinese-American architect and artist.
Manslaughter is the word used to describe killing someone unlawfully but without meaning to do so.
Bangkok  is the capital city of the Asian country of Thailand.
Silicosis is a disease that is caused by small particles of silica  getting trapped in the lungs.
Torquay  is a resort town in Devon in the southwest of England.
Andrew Sachs  is a German-born British actor.
"The Seven Samurai" is an important Japanese movie, written and directed by Akira Kurosawa, released in 1954.
A vacuum tube  is an electronic device used in many older model radios, television sets, and amplifiers.
Tupac Amaru Shakur was a popular hip-hop artist, who sold many records.
Skagerrak is a sea in the northern part of Europe between Norway and Denmark.
Kattegat is a sea in the northern part of Europe between the Danish peninsula Jutland, the Danish island Zealand, and the western coast of Sweden.
The Baltic Sea is a sea in northern Europe between Scandinavia, Finland, Russia, the Baltic countries, Poland, and Germany.
Scandinavia is a large peninsula in the northern Europe at the northern side of Baltic Sea.
Marriage is a union between a man and a woman.
In 1883 a young Belgian called Sylvain de Jong settled in Antwerp, Belgium.
Elwyn Brooks White  was an American writer.
Raffles Institution is a secondary school in Singapore.
An archipelago  is a chain or group of islands.
Topography means "the description of shape".
Bornholm is a small, rocky island in the Baltic Sea.
Budapest is the capital city of Hungary.
Santa Monica is a beach town in California.
Kuwait is a small country  in the Middle East.
Herbert Buckingham Khaury, better known as Tiny Tim , was an American singer and musician.
The kelvin  is the SI unit of temperature.
Tourism can mean when people travel for fun, and also the industry that helps these people.
Berkshire is a county in the south of England .
Buckinghamshire  is a county in central England, near the south and London.
A computer monitor is an electronic device that shows pictures.
In geometry, the diameter of a circle is its measurement from one side directly to the opposite side.
Year 1813  was a year starting on Friday of the Gregorian calendar .
The Commonwealth of Dominica is an island nation that is located in the Caribbean Sea, between the French-speaking territories of Guadeloupe and Martinique.
Centuries: 4th century - 5th century - 6th century Decades: 350s 360s 370s 380s 390s - 400s - 410s 420s 430s 440s 450s Years: 399 400 401 402 403 - 404 - 405 406 407 408 409 .
Playing cards is the name for the 54 cards used in a lot of games like poker, bridge, blackjack, and solitaire.
An emperor is a male who rules an empire.
Palmdale is the largest city in the desert area of California.
Fresno is the largest inland city in U.S.
Popeye the Sailor is one of the most popular cartoon characters of all time.
Astrophysics is the study of how stars and planets work, and how we can learn about them.
Word order is a part of grammar.
George Herbert Walker Bush  was President of the United States between 1989 and 1993.
Ohio is one of the 50 states in the United States.
Boston is the capital city of Massachusetts in the United States.
In the Physics of Aristotle, heavy objects fall faster than objects that are not heavy.
Special relativity  was developed and published by Einstein in 1905 because he was unhappy with the explanations of electromagnetism in classical physics.
Centuries: 5th century - 6th century - 7th century Decades: 530s 540s 550s 560s 570s - 580s - 590s 600s 610s 620s 630s Years: 582 583 584 585 586 - 587 - 588 589 590 591 592 .
Miscellaneous.
"For the book by George Orwell, see Nineteen Eighty-Four" .
A wombat is a marsupial mammal, which forms the family Vombatidae.
Newell Convers Wyeth  was an American painter and book illustrator.
Turkeys are a family  of bird.
Arachnology  is a science that studies arachnids.
Alabama is a state in the United States.
Arizona is a state in the United States of America.
Bolivia is a country in South America.
Massachusetts is a state in the United States of America.
Tallahassee is the capital city of the U.S.
Thomas Alderton Skerritt  is an American actor.
Trossingen is a town in South Germany .
The Smurfs are fictional little blue people who live in a European forest created by Peyo, a Belgian cartoonist.
Istanbul  is the largest city in Turkey, and was the capital city of the old Ottoman Empire until 1923.
ABBA became very popular after they won the Eurovision Song Contest in 1974.
Gregg Allman  is a rock musician.
The Allman Brothers Band were a American Southern Rock band in the 1970s.
The London Borough of Hackney is a London Borough in north London.
The John Frost Bridge at Arnhem was bombed after Operation Market Garden.
The Vengaboys were a Dutch pop music group.
Pope Benedict XVI was born in Marktl am Inn, Bavaria on April 16, 1927 as.
Guan Gong, also known as Guan Yu or Guan Yun Chang  was a general who lived close to two thousand years ago in China.
Subsistence agriculture is the kind of agriculture  done by people who only grow enough food for themselves.
The Clyde is a river in Scotland.
Electric charge is a basic property of electrons, protons and other subatomic particles.
The Silversword plant grows only at high elevations on the Island of Maui in Hawaii.
Mr.
A music video or music clip is a short movie that represents a song on a television screen.
Hip Hop is a type of music which started in the 1970s in African-American  communities in big cities of the United States.
Color blindness medically known as a colour vision deficiency is a kind of blindness where people can not see colors very well.
Sopron is a city of Hungary, located near the western border of Hungary with Austria, at the foot of the Alps, 60 km from Vienna  and 220 km from Budapest.
Sumo  is a sport from Japan where heavy men try to push one another out of a ring or onto the ground.
xGermany is divided into 413 administrative districts; these consist of 301 rural districts , listed fully here, and 112 urban districts  - cities which constitute a district in their own right .
Bremen is the smallest state in Germany.
Saxony-Anhalt is a Bundesland  in Germany.
Erfurt is the capital of the state of Thuringia with an area of.
Magdeburg is the capital of the state of Saxony-Anhalt, in Germany.
The Romance languages are a language family in the Indo-European languages.
Stellar evolution is the study of how a star changes over time.
Genetics is the study of how parents pass some of their characteristics to their children.
Church Square Park is a large park in Hoboken, New Jersey with many fields and three playgrounds.
Supply is the amount that is available of something based on a price.
Demand is how much is bought of something based on a price.
A transaction is where something is bought, sold or traded.
The Encyclopædia Britannica is a very big, famous encyclopaedia.
A pipeline is a long tube, normally made of metal.
An avocado is a berry fruit.
Ice hockey is a sport that is played by two teams on ice.
"Virtues of Harmony" was a sitcom that ran in Hong Kong from 2001 until February 2005.
Ashford is a town in Kent in England.
A song is a piece of music which contains words.
Magnesium is a chemical element that is a type of metal.
Dan Brown  is an author .
Thurso is a town in north Scotland.
Penzance  is a town in Cornwall, England.
Anglo-Saxons were a tribe of Germanic people.
"The Tonight Show" is a popular late night television talk and comedy show in the United States.
January 17 is the 17th day in the calendar system we use.
Antoni Grabowski was a Polish chemical engineer, and an early supporter of the Esperanto movement.
A vessel is a ship or boat.
Fire is a chemical reaction that gives off light and heat.
In Europe in the 16th century there was a big change in the Christian religion.
Göran Persson  was the Prime minister of Sweden between 1996 and 2006.
Jane Fonda  is an American actress and political activist.
A doctor is someone who practices medicine to treat illnesses and injuries.
"Buffy the Vampire Slayer" was an American television series.
Vampires are monsters in legends and stories.
Degree generally means to have a level in something.
A degree is a document that a student receives when they graduate from a school to show that they completed all their classes.
In the United States, a high school is a school that students go to usually for grades 9 through 12.
In the United States, Public schools are schools that are funded by the government and open to all students who live within a specific area without any charge.
Seoul  is the capital and largest city of South Korea.
A welfare state is where the government has a duty to provide some level of basic support for its citizens.
Athlete are an English band from South London.
Organic chemistry is a type of chemistry that deals mostly with carbon-based molecules.
A proton is part of an atom.
March 16 is the 75th day of the year in the Gregorian calendar .
Clint Eastwood is an American movie actor and director.
Spaghetti Westerns were a name given to low-budget Western films, which were made by Italian movie companies in the 1960s.
Disneyland is the name of four theme parks around the world.
The German capital Berlin is subdivided into 12 boroughs .
Superhuman means something that is beyond what people are naturally able to do.
Real Madrid C.F.
Bigfoot, also called Sasquatch, is a rarely-seen Primate living in the United States and Canada.
"The Da Vinci Code" is a 2003 book by an American man named Dan Brown.
Peugeot is a French company.
is a large new town in ceremonial Buckinghamshire, England.
Calais is a commune.
"A Clockwork Orange" is a violent 1962 science fiction book by Anthony Burgess about the bitter future when mankind is recovering from the Post Apocalyptic event which was used by Stanley Kubrick for a 1971 movie.
False means untrue.
Marine biology is the study of any living plant or animal in the sea.
The President of Russia is the political leader of Russia.
Silvio Berlusconi  is an Italian politician, leader of a right-wing coalition named "Casa delle Libertà"  and leader of the right-wing party "Forza Italia".
Burundi is a small country in Africa.
Espoo is the second largest city in Finland.
A hospital is a place a person goes to be healed when he or she is sick or injured.
A nose is a body part which allows animals to smell things.
Love is a very strong feeling of affection.
Michael Joseph Jackson  is an American pop singer, dancer, songwriter, record producer.
Graphics are visual presentations on some kind of surface.
Pictures, movies and writing about sex are sometimes called pornography .
Nudity means nakedness.
A kingdom is a country with a king or queen.
A Protestant is one kind of Christian who does not follow Roman Catholic beliefs.
Algiers is the capital city of Algeria in northern Africa.
Arles is a city in the south of France.
A certificate is a type of an award that can be given to people.
The Daily Mail is a large well-known newspaper printed in Britain.
Rhineland-Palatinate  is one of 16 states  of Germany.
The Rhine River  has a length of 1,320 km, 883 km can be used by ships.
The robber baron was first used in the 12th and 13th centuries to describe wealthy men who lived in large castles along major transportation rivers, like the Rhine in Europe.
Wineries are large plantations built along the fertile banks of major rivers like the Rhine.
Sugar  is something that is part of food or can be added to food.
Canterbury is a city in Kent, England.
Huddersfield is a town in northern England.
Anti-tank dogs were dogs with explosives placed on their backs.
January 2 is the second day of the year in the current calendar system we use.
Eyeglasses are pieces of glass or clear plastic, called lenses, in a frame that holds them in front of someone's eyes.
Goa  is a state in the Republic of India.
Second language is a word given to a language that a person learns in addition to their first language.
Ido is a planned language, a so-called reformed Esperanto, which was developed in 1907.
Dr.
A paragraph is a group of words put together to form a group that is usually longer than a sentence.
Lansing is the capital city of the U.S.
A parody is a special piece of art.
A fact is something that is true or real, or something that can be shown to be true or real.
Victim is a term used for the person a crime is committed against.
A culprit is a person who commits a crime.
Shot Put is an athletics sport where people try to "put" a heavy weighted ball as far as they can.
Magic can mean many things.
Hitchhiking is a way that people can travel from one place to another.
An owl is a bird.
Copyright infringement  is the use of material which is covered by copyright law, in a way that violates one of the original copyright owner's exclusive rights, such as the right to reproduce or perform the copyrighted work, or to make derivative works that build upon it.
International Women's Day is celebrated every year on March 8.
May 1 is known in many countries as May Day or International Labor Day.
Beirut is the capital of Lebanon.
Nancy Ajram or Nancy Agram  is a popular Arab singer from Lebanon.
Fairuz  November 21, 1935) is a Lebanese singer.
A sword is a hand-held weapon made of metal.
Moses was a leader in the Bible and is also important to the jewish religion.
Canaan was an ancient country, and the land promised to Abraham and his children by God in the Bible.
Prophets are people who are talked to by the divine.
Mount Cotopaxi is a volcano in Ecuador.
Israelite is a term used to refer to people from the land of Israel, when talking about ancient and Biblical times.
It is celebrated as New Year's Day by those still following the Julian calendar.
January 16 is the 16th day of the year in the calendar system we currently use.
Bali is an island in Indonesia.
The Flag of China has one big star and four small stars on a red background.
"The Prince" is a book written by Niccolò Machiavelli, who lived in the city of Florence in the country of Italy.
"For 'round' in a musical sense see "Round " Round is a word to describe something.
Centuries: 5th century - 6th century - 7th century Decades: 460s 470s 480s 490s 500s - 510s - 520s 530s 540s 550s 560s Years: 507 508 509 510 511 - 512 - 513 514 515 516 517 .
United Russia  is a Russian political party, which usually labels itself centrist.
The tiger  is a large mammal.
A leopard  is a big feline of the genus "Panthera".
Jaguar  is a large feline that lives in South and Central America.
A cheetah  is a large feline that lives in Africa.
Quartz is a very common type of mineral.
Pink Floyd was an English rock band.
Pope John Paul I was born on October 17, 1912 in Canale d'Agordo, Italy.
Ted Cassidy  was an actor, he was probably most famous for his roles as Lurch and Thing on "The Addams Family".
Aileen Wuornos  was a serial killer, she confessed to killing 6 men and was put to death for it.
January 26 is the 26th day of the year in the Gregorian calendar.
February 15 is the 46th day of the year in the Gregorian Calendar.
February 25 is the 56th day of the year in the Gregorian Calendar.
February 26 is the 57th day of the year in the Gregorian Calendar.There are 308 days remaining in the year or 309 in leap years.
February 27 is the 58th day of the year in the Gregorian Calendar.
February 28 is the 59th day of the year in the Gregorian calendar.
This article is about a large hole in the ground.
March 1 is the 60th day of the year in the Gregorian calendar .
March 2 is the 61st day of the year in the Gregorian Calendar .
March 9 is the 68th day of the year in the Gregorian calendar .
March 10 is the 69th day of the year in the Gregorian calendar .
March 30 is the 89th day of the year in the Gregorian calendar .
March 27 is the 86th day of the year in the Gregorian calendar .
March 25 is the 84th day of the year in the Gregorian calendar .
March 23 is the 82nd day of the year in the Gregorian calendar .
March 19 is the 78th day of the year in the Gregorian calendar .
March 15 is the 74th day of the year in the Gregorian calendar .
March 14 is the 73rd day of the year in the Gregorian calendar  with 292 days remaining in the year.
March 13 is the 72nd day of the year in the Gregorian calendar .
March 12 is the 71st day of the year in the Gregorian calendar .
March 11 is the 70th day of the year in the Gregorian calendar .
April 3 is the 93rd day of the year  in the Gregorian calendar.
is the 115th day of the year in the Gregorian Calendar .
Deaths.
Transgender is a term used to describe people who may act, feel, think, or look different from the gender that they were born with.
August 27 is the 239th day of the year in the Gregorian Calendar .
Noon is the time exactly halfway through the day, written 12.00 or 12:00 in the 24-hour clock and 12:00 pm in the 12-hour clock.
The 24-hour clock is a method of telling the time in which the day runs from midnight to midnight and is divided into 24 hours, numbered from 0 to 24.
Fifth Avenue is a large street in New York City.
Yarm is a small town in North East England in the North Yorkshire.
The Ulster Volunteer Force  is a Loyalist paramilitary  group formed in 1966.
The year of 1898 was a common year , and began on a Saturday.
The Spanish-American War was a war fought between Spain and the United States of America in the year 1898.
Some diseases are caused by infection.
Minesweeper is a strategy game that comes with most Microsoft computer operating systems.
Fishing is getting fish either for fun or for the sake of having fish to eat.
"Sometimes called the CSA, for other uses see CSA" The Confederate States of America was a short-lived country that existed in southeastern North America during the American Civil War.
"A Tale of Two Cities" is a famous book written by Charles Dickens that was published  in 1859.
Fiji is a small country in Pacific Ocean.
The Fijian language is a Austronesian language.
Legends are usually very old stories with little or no evidence to prove them.
The Fountain of Youth is a legendary spring.
Ho Chi Minh City  is a city in the south part of Vietnam.
Apricot is a drupe fruit.
A contraction is a word used instead of two words to shorten them.
Tonga is a country in Pacific Ocean.
Filippo Azzaiolo  was an Italian composer.
Events.
Births.
February 29, or bissextile day, is the 60th day of a leap year in the Gregorian Calendar, with 306 days remaining.
Torah  is a Hebrew word that means "instructions".
The 2010s are a decade  that are in the future.
A rainforest  is a tropical forest that gets a lot of rain.
The Welsh language is the ancient Celtic language of Wales.
"König von Deutschland", in English "King of Germany", is a song by Rio Reiser.
Hesse  is a state of Germany.
Schleswig-Holstein is the northernmost of the 16 states in Germany.
Lower Saxony  is a German Bundesland .
Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania  is one of the 16 States of Germany.
Thailand, or Kingdom of Thailand is a country in Southeast Asia.
The election was on May 10, 2005.
Hoboken is an American city in the state of New Jersey.
1919 is a normal year beginning with Wednesday.
Caffeine is a drug  that is found in plants.
Chicago is the largest city in Illinois, USA.
Dr.
Brown is the color that is made when gray or black is mixed with orange, red, or rose .
Yoda is a character from the "Star Wars" universe.
Magenta is a color in between pink and purple.
The Monkees were a rock band.
Abu Dhabi  is one of the emirates that make up the United Arab Emirates.
The Rolling Stones were and are a very popular English rock band that formed in London, England in 1962.
Black Sabbath is a English heavy metal band.
The watt  is the SI unit of power.
Koblenz is a city in northern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany with about 107,000 inhabitants.
Delta , is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "d" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek.
The Elbe River  is one of the major waterways of central Europe.
The Danube is the second-longest river in Europe .
The Main  is a river in Germany, 524 km in length, and one of the bigger tributaries of the Rhine river.
The Weser is a river of north-western Germany.
Suicide is when a person chooses to kill his or her self.
The Balkans is the historic and geographic name used to describe a region of southeastern Europe.
A bicentennial is the two hundredth year of something.
Shropshire is a county in England.
Kermit the Frog is a Muppet created by Jim Henson.
Cotton is soft fiber that grows with the seeds of the cotton plant.
Windows 1.0 was one of the first operating environments that used pictures instead of text.
Hewlett Packard  is a computer technology company founded in 1939 by Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard.
Eminem   is a famous rap artist from Detroit.
A bratwurst is a kind of food.
Sexual intercourse is what humans and animals do to make babies.
Guatemala is a country in Central America.
Tenochtitlan was the massive capital city of the Aztec empire, built around 1325.
The "Eurovision Song Contest" is a song contest held in European Broadcasting Union which started in 1956.
Malleability is a physical property of matter, usually metals.
Gay traditionally means 'happy,' but in English it also means homosexual.
Potsdam is a German city near Berlin.
Bremen is a city in the north of Germany.
Wiesbaden is a German city near Frankfurt am Main.
Hanover  is a German city.
Düsseldorf is a German city.
Mainz is a German city.
Kiel  is a city in the north of Germany.
Fred Rogers , was an American TV personality and Presbyterian minister.
An Explorer is a person who explores, or looks for something new.
Sri Yukteswar Giri  was an Indian guru and swami.
Aleister Crowley  was a British mystic, occultist, writer, poet, mountain climber and nicknamed "The Wickedest Man In the World.".
Karlheinz Stockhausen  was a German composer.
WC Fields  was an American comic actor.
Carl Gustav Jung  was a Swiss psychiatrist and writer.
Edgar Allan Poe  was an American writer.
Fred Astaire, born Frederick Austerlitz , was an American actor and dancer.
The Game Boy Advance is a handheld video game console made by Nintendo which can play Game Boy games and Game Boy Color games.
Amerie   is an American R&B singer.
Ben Stein  is an American attorney, political consultant, writer, actor, comedian, and TV personality.
Dr Angela Dorothea Merkel  is a German politician, and the Chancellor of Germany since 22 November 2005.
The Chinese dragon is a mythical animal.
Stevie Wonder was born on May 13, 1950 in Saginaw, Michigan.
Littleton is a community in Colorado, near Denver.
"Motown" can also refer to the city of Detroit itself, or to the genre of music made by artists like those listed above.
Mustelids are a family of carnivorous mammals.
Vanilla Ninja is a music group made up of four girls named Lenna Kuurmaa, Katrin Siska, Piret Järvis and ex - Triinu Kivilaan & Maarja Kivi The band has had some popular songs in Europe and was in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005.
Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia  was the Emperor of Ethiopia.
Ethiopia is a country in the Horn of Africa.
Utah is a state in the United States.
"The Times" is a large well-known newspaper.
The Commonwealth of The Bahamas is a group of islands in the West Indies.
Vanuatu is a country in Pacific Ocean.
Stuff is a mass of items, matter, or events.
Crayola is brand of crayons and other writing and drawing utensils, such as markers, chalk, and colored pencils made by the Binney & Smith Inc.
Ringo Starr  is a musician and actor.
Oslo is the capital city of Norway.
Lincoln Thompson  was a Jamaican reggae musician, songwriter and Rastafarian.
Tom Hanks  is an American actor and producer who is famous for playing a number of different roles.
Sir Mix-a-Lot  is an American rapper and producer.
Dick York  was an American actor.
James Earl Jones  is an American actor and voice artist.
"Calvin and Hobbes" is a comic strip made by Bill Watterson about a boy called Calvin and a stuffed tiger called Hobbes that Calvin thinks is a real tiger.
Tony Randall  was an American actor.
A lesbian is a homosexual woman.
Maine is the northeast-most state in the United States.
Niuatoputapu is an island in Tonga.
The Independent State of Samoa is a country in Pacific Ocean.
Davy Jones  is a English singer and actor.
Michael Nesmith is an American musician, songwriter, actor, producer, novelist, businessman and philanthropist.
Peter Tork is an American actor and musician.
George Michael Dolenz , better known as Micky Dolenz is an American actor, singer, director, and voice artist.
Goldstar is an Israeli beer that has been brewed in Israel since the 1950s.
Dominique Marie François René Galouzeau de Villepin , simply known as Dominique de Villepin, was appointed Premier  of France on May 31, 2005.
Vice Admiral Sir Francis Drake  was an English sailor and explorer.
The term House of Commons is used by many countries to describe part of their parliament.
Wank is a mountain in the Bavarian Alps, by Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Germany, close to the Austrian border.
Year 1685 was a common year that started on a Monday when using the Gregorian calendar.
Henry Louis Aaron  is a baseball player.
Vishnu is one of the three main gods in Hinduism.
Money laundering is something some criminals do to the money they make from crime.
Zeus is the God of the Gods, ruler of Mount Olympus in Greek mythology, and one of the Twelve Olympians.
Evolutionary biology is a subfield of biology that wonders about how species start and change over time or in other words, how species evolve.
Mozilla Firefox is a free open source web browser for the computer, which uses the Gecko rendering engine.
Leonard Albert "Lenny" Kravitz  is an American singer, songwriter and musician.
Note that 1900 is actually the last year of the 19th century; 1901 is the actual first year of the 20th century.
A birdbox is a little house for a bird.
An accent is the way a person speaks.
Louis Braille  was a French inventor who invented the "Braille" system, which helps blind people read.
Marsupials are a type of mammals.
Billy Joe "BJ" Thomas  is a country singer.
The Laws of war are some simple rules which most people accept about fighting.
Maharashtra is the name of a state of India.
Randolph Peter Best or Pete Best was The Beatles's original drummer.
The babies were delivered by Dr.
"All's Well That Ends Well" is a comedy play by William Shakespeare written between 1600 and 1605.
Christian Charles Philip Bale  is a Welsh actor.
Eric Patrick Clapton , is an English guitarist, singer and composer.
Buenos Aires is the capital and largest city in the South American country of Argentina.
Lyndon B.
The Roman Catholic Church is the largest group of Christians, with over 1 billion people.
Located between Lille and Roubaix, at the crossroads of the principal freeways towards Paris, Ghent, Antwerp and Brussels, Villeneuve-d'Ascq  is one of the principal cities of the metropolis of Lille, in France Demography.
Hillary Diane Rodham Clinton  is the junior United States Senator from New York and President-elect Barack Obama's nominee for United States Secretary of State.
Andhra Pradesh is a state in the Republic of India.
Alberto Vargas  was a Peruvian-born painter, best known for his pin-up paintings of beautiful women.
George Walton Lucas, Jr.
Telugu is an Indian language spoken in the southern part of India and is the official language of Andhra Pradesh, India.
PlayStation 3 is Sony's third video game console.
The PlayStation 2 is Sony's second video game console.
Sony is a technology company, based in Japan, which makes many electric products.
The Xbox 360 is the second video game console released by Microsoft, after 2001's Xbox.
An Xbox is a video game console.
The Nintendo GameCube is a video game console made by Nintendo.
Fangames are computer games created by fans based on popular video games.
is the biggest city in Lower Silesia "" in the southwest part of Poland.
Louis Vincent Albano  was a very famous American professional wrestler in the 1980s.
Lip synching is when a person moves his or her lips at the same time as a recorded sound.
Faith Evans was born in Lakeland, Florida on 10 June 1973.
Bacteria  are very small organisms .
International means between the countries.
Barry Switzer  was an American football coach.
A constant is something, generally a number, that does not change.
Poker is a game which people play with a normal set  of 52 cards.
El Salvador is a country in Central America.
Isabelle of Hainaut  was a Queen of France.
A strawberry is a plant that grows fruit that people eat.
Paul Simon  is an American musician and songwriter.
Shirley Jones  is an American actress and singer.
Jackson DeForest Kelley  was an American actor famous for his role as "Dr.
Scott Bakula  is an American actor.
HI EVERY BODY ITS ME GMAN117GMAN.
Kim Il-Sung  was the first Communist leader  of North Korea.
Different levels of men's soccer.
Oregon is a state in the United States.
Arkansas, sometimes called the "Land of Opportunity" or "The Natural State", is one of the United States.
Robert Englund  is an American actor.
Henry IV of France  was born in Pau.
Margaret of Valois  was a Princess of France and a member of the house of Valois.
"Queen Margot" is a book written in 1845 by Alexandre Dumas, père.
Henrietta Maria of France  was the youngest daughter of Henry IV of France.
Madonna Louise Ciccone , simply known as Madonna, is a popular American singer, actress and author of books.
Tortillas are a flat bread made in Mexican or Spanish cuisine.
A bit is a small amount of something, such as a bit that is the smallest amount of computer or electronic information storage.
"EastEnders" is a television program in the United Kingdom, that has been running since 1985, which has had over 4800 episodes.
Philip II of Spain  was, starting in 1556, king of Spain, Italy and Burgundy, the Netherlands, Franche-Comté, Naples, and overseas Spanish America.
William II of England (c.
Mary I of England , also known as Mary Tudor, was the queen of England.
Edward VI of England  was King of England and King of Ireland from 28 January 1547 until his death.
Richard I of England  was the king of England from 1189 to 1199.
Jane Seymour (c.
Elizabeth of York  married King Henry VII of England in 1486.
Catherine of Aragon  was the daughter of Isabella I of Castile and Ferdinand II of Aragon.
Gregory Peck  was an American actor.
"Sin City" is the title of a number of stories by Frank Miller, written in a comic book-style and the name of a movie that is based on the books.
Brittany Murphy  is an American actress.
Evershot is a village in the county of Somerset.
Copyleft is a name for a type of license.
Uruguay is a small country in South America.
Minnesota is a state in the north part of the United States of America.
Colorado is a state of the United States.
Cairo  is a city in Egypt.
Aerospace engineering is the word used for work of vehicles in the air or space.
Karnataka is a state within the Republic of India.
Norrland is the northernmost region of Sweden.
Calgary is the biggest city in Alberta, Canada.
Nova Scotia is a small province located on the East Coast of Canada.
In physics, absolute zero is the temperature where the particles of matter stop moving.
A cylinder is a solid object that has a circular base and a height.
A vacuum is a place where there is no matter.
Catherine Howard  was the fifth wife of Henry VIII of England.
Anne of Cleves  was the fourth wife of Henry VIII of England from January 1540 to July 1540.
Mary Tudor  was the youngest daughter of Henry VII of England and Elizabeth of York.
Louis XII of France  was the son of Charles, Duke of Orleans and Mary of Cleves.
Louis XIII of France was King of France from 1610 to 1643.
Claude of France  was the daughter of Louis XII of France and Anne of Brittany.
Lady Eleanor Brandon  was the daughter of Mary Tudor, Queen of France and Charles Brandon, Duke of Suffolk.
Lady Frances Brandon  was the daughter of Mary Tudor of England  and Charles Brandon, Duke of Suffolk.
Henry II of France  was a King of France and a member of the house of Valois.
Francis I of France  was a King of France and a member of the house of Valois.
Madeleine of France  was the daughter of Francis I of France and Claude of France.
Holyrood Abbey is in Edinburgh, Scotland.
The Muppets are puppet characters created by Jim Henson.
Friedrich Wilhelm Viktor Albert von Hohenzollern, Wilhelm II of Prussia and Germany,  was the last German Emperor and the last King of Prussia, ruling from 1888 to 1918.
Catherine of Medici  was the wife of Henry II of France.
Francis II of France  was a King of France and a member of the House of Valois.
She lived long enough to see her son, Stephen, become King of England, but died soon afterwards.
Stephen of England (c.
Eleanor of Aquitaine (c.
John of England  was the son of Henry II of England and Eleanor of Aquitaine.
Thirteen is the number that is after twelve and before fourteen.
The weekend is a time when fewer people go to work or school.
Alexandria  is a large city in Egypt.
The Celtic League is a group of people from the six modern Celtic nations of Ireland, Scotland, Wales, Brittany, Cornwall and the Isle of Man.
Oprah Gail Winfrey  is an African-American businesswoman and actress.
Kölsch is a variety of the German languages.
The past tense is used for describing things that have already happened.
Freeview is a free television service in the United Kingdom, It is sent to people's home using a digital signal.
Mark Addy  is an English actor.
The tuba is the largest of the brass musical instruments.
The first garden gnomes were introduced to the United Kingdom in 1847 by Sir Charles Isham, when he brought 21 terracotta figures back from a trip to Germany and placed them around the gardens of his home, Lamport Hall in Northamptonshire.
Kentucky is a state in the United States.
Gary Busey  is an American actor.
Montana is a state in the United States.
A sea is a large area of salt water which is part of an ocean, or a large, usually salt water, closed lake .
Wool is the hair of some mammals.
A saw is a tool used to cut things.
Tennessee is a state in the United States.
Connecticut is a state in the United States.
Wyoming is a state in the western United States.
Mississippi is one of the states of the United States.
Delaware is a state in the United States.
Idaho is a state in the United States.
Manila is the capital city of the Philippines.
"The Hobbit", or "There and Back Again", is a book written by J.
"The Lord of the Rings" is a book written by J.
Extinction is when there is none of a certain animal left.
Minehead is a town in Somerset, England.
Hank Azaria  is an American actor and comedian.
Mexico City is the capital and largest city in Mexico.
John Warnock Hinckley, Jr.
Tampico is a village in Whiteside County, Illinois.
Surface area is the amount of space covering the outside of a three-dimensional  object.
Al Hirschfeld  was an American cartoonist and illustrator.
A Mobile Army Surgical Hospital (or M.A.S.H.
Illinois is a state in the United States.
Seattle is the largest city in the U.S.
Kiefer William Frederick Dempsey George Rufus Sutherland  is a well-known Canadian actor and director.
Stirling is a city in the middle of Scotland.
Tuvaluan is an Austronesian language spoken in Tuvalu.
Tokelau is an island group located in the Pacific Ocean.
A Socialist state, sometimes  known as a communist state, is a country that practices a form of government where property is owned by the state.
Solitaire is a card game for one player game using a deck of playing cards.
Optics is the science of light and how it interacts with the world around us.
Václav Klaus  is the president of the Czech Republic.
Barbra Streisand  is an American singer, actress, producer, and director.
Jamaica is an island in the Caribbean.
Denver is the capital and largest city in the U.S.
Frederick Carlton "Carl" Lewis  is an American track and field athlete.
Pink is a pale reddish color.
Bleach is a liquid that is used as a cleaner.
A polygon is a closed two-dimensional shape.
Kazakhstan is a country in the middle of Eurasia.
A sign is something that tells someone what to do, or shows them something.
Barley is a type of plant.
Mount Vesuvius  is a volcano in Italy.
January - June.
Mineralogy is the study of minerals, rocks and the like.
Supermarkets are large grocery stores that sell a large variety of fresh and packaged food and other consumer or household products.
Ecuador is a small country in South America.
Orlando is a large city in the center of the U.S.
A glossary is a list of words and what they mean.
A comedian is a person who tells jokes, or acts in comedies.
Turin is a major industrial city in northwest Italy.
Hobart is a city in Australia.
The New Testament is part of the Christian Bible, and the most important religious writing of Christianity.
The gospel is one of the four books in the Bible about Jesus Christ.
Palestine is a region in the Middle East, but not a country as it does not have its own land.
Paul of Tarsus, also known as Saint Paul the Apostle,  was a Christian writer and teacher.
The Old Testament is considered a holy book for both Jews and Christians.
Painting is using colours to make art.
A horse is a mammal of the "Equidae" family.
The afterlife is what people believe happens after death.
Prayer is attempting to talk to God or a supernatural being.
Genesis is the first book of the Bible.
In the Bible, Joseph was a son of Jacob.
Mary Magdalene is a woman in all four gospels of the New Testament.
A witness is someone who sees something happen.
Corinth is a city in Greece and gave its name to the Corinth Canal in the middle of the isthmus of Corinth, which is a narrow strip of land that joins the Peloponnese peninsula with mainland Greece.
A cross is a symbol, which is used for many things.
The Peloponnese is a large peninsula in Greece.
The Isthmus of Corinth is a narrow bit of land which connects the Peloponnese peninsula with mainland Greece.
Tripoli is a city in Libya.
Argos is a city in Greece.
Sparta is a city in Greece.
Olympia is a small city in Greece.
Pyrgos is a city in Greece.
Thessaloniki is a city in Greece.
Florina is a city in Greece.
Argolis is one of 51 prefectures of Greece.
Ilia is one of 51 prefectures of Greece.
Achaea is one of 51 prefectures of Greece.
Arcadia is one of 51 prefectures of Greece.
Laconia is one of 51 prefectures of Greece.
Pella is one of 51 prefectures of Greece.
Attica is one of 51 prefectures of Greece.
Kastoria is a Greek city and it is one of 51 prefectures of Greece.
Kozani is a city in northern Greece.
Magnesia is one of 51 prefectures of Greece.
Messinia is one of 51 prefectures of Greece.
Chalcidice is one of 51 prefectures of Greece.
Euboea is an island of Greece, and is also one of the 51 prefectures of Greece.
Grevena is a Greek city and it is one of 51 prefectures of Greece.
Arta is a Greek city.
Trikala is a Greek city and it is one of 51 prefectures of Greece.
Lesbos is one of 51 prefectures of Greece.
Samos is a Greek island.
Evros is one of 51 prefectures of Greece.
Evritania is one of 51 prefectures of Greece.
Cyclades is one of 51 prefectures of Greece.
Serres is a Greek city and it is also one of 51 prefectures of Greece.
Kilkis is a Greek town and it is one of 51 prefectures of Greece.
Chania is a Greek city which is the capital of Chania prefecture.
Xanthi is a Greek city and its one of 51 prefectures of Greece.
Batha is one of fourteen prefectures of Chad.
Biltine is one of fourteen prefectures, or areas, of Chad.
Bourkou-Ennedi-Tibesti is one of fourteen prefectures of Chad.
Faya-Largeau is the largest city in northern Chad.
Chari-Baguirmi is one of fourteen prefectures of Chad.
Guéra is one of fourteen prefectures of Chad.
Kanem is one of fourteen prefectures of Chad.
Logone Occidental is one of fourteen prefectures of Chad.
Logone Oriental is one of fourteen prefectures of Chad.
Mayo-Kébbi is one of fourteen prefectures of Chad.
Moyen-Chari is one of fourteen prefectures of Chad.
Ouaddaï is one of fourteen prefectures of Chad.
Salamat is one of fourteen prefectures of Chad.
Tandjilé is one of fourteen prefectures of Chad.
Abéché is a city in Chad.
Mongo is a city in Chad.
Ronald William Howard  is an American actor and director.
"Playboy" is a magazine mostly for men.
Larry David  is an American actor and writer.
Pearl Harbor is a naval base in the U.S.
Amsterdam is the capital and largest city in the European country of the Netherlands.
Paraguay  is a small country in South America.
Loch Ness is a lake located in the Scottish Highlands of northern Scotland.
Gary Burghoff  is an American actor, artist, and musician.
Fred Gwynne  was an American actor.
Cannabis   is a plant.
Nevada is one of the United States.
The Union of Comoros is a small island nation located in the Indian Ocean between Madagascar and mainland Africa.
Oats are a type of cereal grain.
Kapingamarangi is an atoll in the Pacific Ocean.
Kiribati  is a country in the Pacific Ocean.
Bisexuality is when people love  both men and women.
Barbados is an island country in the Caribbean Sea.
Annie is a Broadway musical based on the well-known comic strip "Little Orphan Annie".
James Taylor  is an American singer and songwriter.
Truro is the capital of Cornwall in Great Britain.
San Francisco is a city in the American state of California.
Pelops is a person from Greek mythology.
A job is work that a person does to earn money.
Crops are food plants which are grown by farmers.
A proletariat  is a term commonly used by Communists, to describe the class of workers in an urban area, who work in the service industry or the manufacturing industry.
The Ohio River is the one of the most important tributaries to the Mississippi River.
Croatia is a country in Europe.
El Alamein is a town in Egypt.
Otis Redding  was an American singer and songwriter.
The Black Forest  is a world famous forest in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Frankie Avalon  is an American actor and singer.
A celebrity chef is a chef who is well known for their cooking, kinds of food, and style of preparation.
Henry "Huntz" Hall  was a well-known American actor.
Sir Robert Peel  was an important British politician.
Herodotus of Helicarnassus was an Ancient Greek historian who lived between 484 BC and 425 BC.
A chinook is a warm westerly wind that sometimes flows over Canada's Rocky Mountains in the winter.
Etoumbi is a town in a part of the Republic of the Congo called Cuvette-Ouest.
Chad , officially the Republic of Chad, is a landlocked country in central Africa.
Anal sex is a sex act with the anus.
Honor Blackman  is a English actress.
"The Tragedy of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark" is a play by William Shakespeare.
A director is someone who is in charge of something.
Bias means that a person prefers an idea and possibly does not give equal chance to a different idea.
The rear of something is the backside or the tail-end of it.
Centuries: 9th century - 10th century - 11th century Decades: 900s 910s 920s 930s 940s - 950s - 960s 970s 980s 990s 1000s Years: 954 955 956 957 958 - 959 - 960 961 962 963 964 .
Harpsichords are keyboard instruments that produce sound by having the strings plucked with a plectrum.
The Kingston Trio was a folk music group from Palo Alto, California who were popular in the 1950s and 1960s.
"The Passion of the Christ" is the title of a movie that was produced and directed by Mel Gibson based on sister Catherine Emmerich's visions.
Cavalry are soldiers who fight while riding horses.
Zachary Taylor  was the 12th President of the United States.
Gianni Rodari  - April 14, 1980 in Rome) was an Italian writer.
Montgomery is a city in the state of Alabama in the United States.
Omaha is a city in the state of Nebraska in the United States.
Toledo is a city in Spain with a population of 75,000.
Tommy Tutone was a 1980s pop music group.
Judas Priest is an English heavy metal group.
Palo Alto is a city in American state of California that has a population of about 55,000 people.
Phil and Don Everly  and February 1, 1937) are two brothers from the U.S.
Willie Nelson  is an American country singer and songwriter.
Africa-Eurasia, or Afro-Eurasia, is a supercontinent and the world's biggest landmass.
A cemetery or a graveyard is a place  where people bury dead bodies and honor the dead people.
Linda Blair  is an American actress.
David Van Cortland Crosby  is an American musician.
Paul Harvey Aurandt  is an American radio host.
Carbon dioxide  is a gas.
An intermission or interval is a break in a performance.
David Duchovny  is an American actor.
Laramie is a city in the U.S.
The Black Death or Black Plague was an epidemic  that killed millions of people.
Liverpool is a city in Merseyside, England.
Serfdom is a legal and economic system.
A refrigerator is a machine for keeping things cold.
Janis Ian  is an American singer.
Vilnius  is the capital city of Lithuania.
A Fungus  is a kind of living organism which is not a plant or an animal or a protist or a eubacteria or an archaebacteria.
Guernsey is an island in the English Channel off the coast of Normandy.
Pottery is the art of ceramics .
A screenwriter is a person who writes the screenplay  for a movie or television show - that is, a screenwriter writes the words that the actors and actresses speak.
Sacramento is the capital of the U.S.
Alexander Scriabin   was a famous Russian composer and pianist.
Robert Gabriel Mugabe KCB  has been the President of Zimbabwe since 1987.
The Co-operative Republic of Guyana is a country in South America.
Sen no Rikyu is a person who established the Japanese tea ceremony.
Oscar Fingal O'Flahertie Wills Wilde  was an Irish playwright.
U2 is an Irish rock band.
Paul David Hewson, better known as Bono  is an Irish musician, best known as the singer for the rock band U2.
Adam Clayton  is the bassist for the rock band U2.
David Howell Evans , more widely known as The Edge, is an English-born musician.
Larry Mullen Junior  is an Irish drummer.
Mariah Carey  is a popular American musician, singer and songwriter.
Andrology is the study of male health, especially male sexual organs and reproduction.
Herbert Clark Hoover , the 31st president of the United States from 1929–1933.
James Abram Garfield  was the 20th  President of the United States and the 2nd President to be assassinated .
Robert Reed  was an American actor.
The word dishwasher means either the person who washes  dishes or a machine that does the same thing.
John Quincy Adams  was the sixth President of the United States and first President who was the son of a President, John Adams.
Peter Fonda  is an American actor.
Dennis Hopper  is a American actor and movie-maker.
Todd Rundgren  is an American singer, songwriter, and record producer.
al-Qaeda  is a worldwide militant Islamic terrorist organization.
Tallinn is the capital of Estonia.
Lombardy is a region in the northern part of Italy.
Italy is a country in south of Europe.
Vladimir Nabokov , 1899, died July 2, 1977) was a Russian author.
Abingdon is a town in England.
Yeadon is a town near Leeds in England.
George Washington Carver (c.
The Julian calendar is a calendar that was invented by Julius Caesar, the leader of Ancient Rome, in 46 BC.
The Gregorian calendar is the calendar that is used throughout most of the Western world.
The Southern Hemisphere is the half of Earth that is south of the equator.
Sufism is the mystic path of Islam.
A dove or pigeon is a bird of the family "Columbidae".
Antonio Prohias  was a Cuban-born cartoonist.
In Germany or Austria, the Chancellor is the leader of the government.
In terms of computer games, a MUD  is a mulitplayer online game based on the telnet protocol, and is completely text-based.
Ulysses S.
Grenada is an island nation in the Caribbean Sea that received its independence from the United Kingdom in 1974.
Accrington is a town in Lancashire, England.
Yateley is a town in England, located 35 miles south west of London, in North East Hampshire, on the borders with Berkshire and Surrey.
Stratford-upon-Avon is a town in England.
Pune is a city in India.
Beer is the name of a village in Devon, England.
A fly  is a kind of insect.
A tonne or metric ton is a unit to measure mass.
The Arabic word Dhikr means "remembrance".
A jockey is a person who rides horses in horse races.
George Lazenby  is an Australian-born model and actor.
In common speaking and geometry, a cone is a solid object that one gets when one rotates a right triangle around one of its two short sides, the cone's axis.
Ice cream is a frozen dessert made from cream, with added flavors and sweeteners.
Grace Coolidge  was First Lady of the United States.
A blacksmith is a person who works with iron and steel.
Caracas is the capital city of Venezuela.
Homestar Runner, also called H*R, is an Internet cartoon that is made using Macromedia Flash.
Horst Köhler  became president of the Federal Republic of Germany July 1, 2004.
2012 is a year in the 21st century.
John Towner Williams  is an American composer and conductor; he is best remembered for his scores  for movies such as "Jaws", "Star Wars", "Superman", "E.T.", "Indiana Jones", "Home Alone", "Jurassic Park" and "Harry Potter".
Superman is a famous comic book character.
"Camellia" is a genus of flowering plants in the family Theaceae, native to eastern and southern Asia from the Himalaya east to Japan and Indonesia.
Exponentiation  is something which is done on numbers.
Sega  is a company that makes video games.
In the United States, a primary school is the same thing as elementary school.
A restaurant is a place where food is sold to the public.
Skimmed milk , or skim milk  is made when all the cream  is removed from whole milk.
Chocolate is a flavoring made from the seeds of a cacao tree.
Northumberland is a county in England.
The violin is a string instrument that is played with a bow.
A train station or railway station  is a place where passengers can get on and off trains and/or goods may be loaded or unloaded.
A railway track or railway line is a set of two parallel rows of long pieces of iron.
Rail transport is the movement of passengers and goods using wheeled vehicles designed to run on railway tracks.
A waterway is any body of water that can be used for transportation by people in boats.
A junction is any place where two things, especially roads and railway tracks, meet.
James Brown  was an American R&B and funk singer.
Aldous Leonard Huxley  was a British writer of the first half of the 20th century.
Dylan Marlais Thomas  was a Welsh poet.
Leo Gorcey  was an American actor.
Indiana is a state in the United States.
The Marun field is a large oil field in Iran.
The Grey Wolf or Gray Wolf , also known as the timber wolf or simply wolf, is a mammal of the order Carnivora.
Frank James Lampard, Jr.
Swaziland is a country in Africa.
The Republic of Liberia is a country in West Africa that has been gravely affected in recent years by two civil wars.
Central African Republic or C.A.R is a country in central Africa.
Kim Jong-nam  is the oldest son of Kim Jong-il, leader of North Korea and some say he is expected to follow his father.
Western Sahara is a country in Africa.
Tunis  is the capital city of Tunisia.
Mozambique is a country in Africa.
Dian Fossey  was an American zoologist.
Maryland is a state in the mid-Atlantic region of the United States of America.
Billy Paul  is an American R&B singer.
Rita Coolidge  is a Native American singer.
Carole Bayer Sager  is an American songwriter and singer.
Elvis Costello  is a English singer and songwriter.
The Cure are a goth rock band.
Crawley is a town in West Sussex, England, near to Gatwick Airport.
Blue Öyster Cult is a psychedelic rock band that formed in Long Island, New York in 1967.
Steppenwolf is a American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1967.
Creedence Clearwater Revival was a rock band from California, United States.
A ferret, the domestic ferret , is a small animal from the Mustelidae family.
Three Dog Night were a popular American rock band from the late 1960s and early 1970s.
Grand Funk Railroad were an American rock group from Flint, Michigan.
Sweet aka The Sweet or originally The Sweetshop were an English glam rock band, they were most famous for the songs "Ballroom Blitz", "Little Willie", "Fox on the Run" and "Love is Like Oxygen".
Prince Rogers Nelson   is an American singer and musician.
Duane Eddy  was Grammy Award-winning American rock guitarist.
A nurse is a person who is trained to give care  to people who are sick or injured.
The Violent Femmes are a rock group.
Ozzy Osbourne  is a British heavy metal singer.
Dinah Shore  was an American singer and host of her own talk show.
Bryan Adams OC, OBC,  is a Canadian rock singer-songwriter and photographer.
John Gale "Johnny" Horton  was an American country singer.
Roy Orbison  was an American singer.
Taylor Dayne  is an American singer.
Stephen Stills  is an American singer and songwriter.
"SpongeBob SquarePants" is an animated television series created by Stephen Hillenburg for the Nickelodeon cable television network.
Paul & Paula  are a One-hit wonder group known for their song "Hey Paula".
Seafood is food made from fish or other sea animals .
Peer review is a process used when publishing documents and in scientific papers where the work is reviewed by the author's peer group .
Puerto Rico, also known as the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, is a territory or colony of the United States in the Caribbean Sea.
Jonathan Ke Quan  is a Vietnamese-American former child actor.
A pilgrimage is when people travel to a place of worship that is usually far away.
The year 1703  started on a Monday, .
A watermelon is a type of edible fruit.
The Black Sea is a sea surrounded by land.
Monrovia is the capital of Liberia.
Paul Anka  is a Canadian-born singer and songwriter of Lebanese origin.
Neil Percival Young  is a Canadian musician.
"The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" is a science fiction comedy series by Douglas Adams.
A cookbook, or cookery book, is kind of book that tells people how to prepare food for eating using specific instructions.
Somalia is a country in East Africa.
Melvin Jerome Blanc  was a famous voice artist.
ConAgra Foods, Inc.
The iPod is a range of portable music players made by the company Apple Inc.
The Republic of Costa Rica is a country in Central America which has enjoyed a long period of peace since its 1948 civil war.
Wisconsin is a state in the United States.
Odia Coates  was an American singer.
Amy Lee Grant  is an American singer.
Dalida   was an Egyptian-born Italian/French singer and actress.
The Bangles are an all-female American rock band.
A Britcom is short for British Sitcom.
Kris Kristofferson is an American singer, songwriter, and actor.
A mathematical constant is a number, which has a special meaning for calculations.
The Leaning Tower of Pisa is a building in Pisa, Italy.
A tower is a tall building.
The city of Tel Aviv-Yafo  is a municipality in Israel, often just called Tel Aviv.
Trigonometry  is a part of elementary mathematics dealing with angles, triangles and trigonometric functions such as sine , cosine  and tangent .
Monotheism is the belief in only one god, rather than two or more, which would be polytheism.
Polytheism means believing in many gods.
Nelvana is an animation studio that was founded in 1971 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada by Michael Hirsh, Patrick Loubert, and Clive A.
Jeb Bush  was a Governor of Florida.
Auckland is the largest city in New Zealand.
Capitalism is a kind of economic system where things  are owned by people or an individual, not by a government or communities.
The Republic of Ghana  is a country in West Africa.
2000s revival.
Christina Maria Aguilera , sometimes known under the stage name Xtina is an American pop singer and song-writer.
A chicken  is a domesticated bird.
A handheld is an object that can be picked up using a hand.
The floppy disk  is a magnetic storage medium mainly used for computers and laptops.
Nathaniel Adams Coles, professionally known as Nat King Cole,  was an American jazz musician, singer and songwriter.
The Voice of America  is the official broadcasting service of the United States government.
George Gershwin  was an American composer.
Aaron Copland  was an American composer who wrote modern music.
A Diphthong  is a vowel sound that a person has to move his or her mouth into two different positions to make.
"The Price is Right" is a game show on the United States television network CBS.
A monophthong  is simply a vowel.
Kalua is a Hawaiian cooking method.
Ultraviolet is a color of light which is invisible to people, but can be recognized by many animals, mostly insects, reptiles, and small birds.
Orinithology [or-ni-thall-e-gee] is the study of birds.
Rod Stewart  is a English pop singer.
Sir Thomas Sean Connery  is a Scottish actor.
The Specials were an English new wave/ska band.
KC & The Sunshine Band was a disco group, that was popular in the 1970s.
Roberta Flack  is an American R&B singer.
Arad  is the capital city of Arad County, in the western part of Romania, in Crişana, Ardeal.
Transsexualism is identifying with a sex or gender role other than the one that was set out for an individual at birth.
A pianist is a person who plays the piano.
A telephone book is a kind of book that has lists of phone numbers of people and businesses.
The French dip sandwich is a popular dish.
Coventry is a city and metropolitan borough in the West Midlands county in England.
Billy Preston , is an American R&B musician.
A pop is an onomatopoeic term for a quick sharp explosion.
Computer viruses are harmful  computer programs.
Hades is a god in Greek mythology, and one of the Twelve Olympians.
In English, most superlatives can be formed by adding -EST to an existing adjective, like fluffiest, craziest or coldest.
People with learning disabilities, also called learning difficulties, are people who find it hard to gain knowledge or understanding.
A wheelbarrow is a kind of vehicle that is built to be pushed around with a load.
Cold is a measurement of temperature that describes a lack of heat.
Electrical conductivity is a measure of how well a material accommodates the transport of electric charge.
Pierre Omidyar  created and is now the chairman of eBay.
Caribert of Laon, son of Martin of Laon, was the grandfather of Charlemagne.
The First Lady of the United States is the wife of the President of the United States.
"Star Wars" is a series of science-fiction movies by George Lucas.
The Korean language is the official language of North Korea and South Korea.
Kansas is one of the states in United States of America.
James Buchanan  was the 15th President of the United States.
A hand is the body part at the end of an arm.
When something always does the same thing, one can say that there is a rule that it does what it does.
-Why we feel emotions and what parts of the brain cause these emotions.
The Kingdom of Bahrain is an island nation in the Persian Gulf .
William Christopher was born on October 20, 1932 in Evanston, Illinois.
Boxers shorts are men's underwear.
A CD player is a device that can read the data on a CD , make it into binary information, and turn that into sound waves.
Fluid Dynamics talks about how fluids  work.
Ernest Miller Hemingway  was an American writer.
"MSN" , is a web portal .
A reed is a piece of dry bamboo that is used in some musical instruments such as saxophones, clarinets and oboes.
Nuuk  is the capital of Greenland.
A lumberjack is a person who cuts down trees to be made into lumber.
Muhammad  (c.
The Ford Mustang is a very popular American small car.
Red Hat Linux was a Linux operating system.
Sacavém is a city in Portugal, near the capital Lisbon.
A shooter is a kind of video game.
is a kind of food.
The Thinker  is a famous bronze statue made by the sculptor Auguste Rodin, which portrays a man sitting and thinking with his arm bends on his knee and his chin on his hand.
Nazko Cone is a small volcano in central British Columbia, Canada.
The Anahim Volcanic Belt is a nearly east-west line of volcanoes stretches from the west coast of British Columbia, Canada, just north of Vancouver Island, and reaches into the Interior Plateau near Quesnel.
Chilcotin Plateau Basalts is an area in British Columbia of small flows of melted rock, called lava or magma, about 150 km from the ocean.
The Garibaldi Volcanic Belt is the northern extension of the Cascade Volcanic Belt in the northwestern United States and contains the most explosive eruptions in Canada.
Mount Garibaldi is an eroded, dacitic strato volcano in southwestern British Columbia.
Mount Meager is a potentially active volcano in the Canadian province of British Columbia, Canada, 150 kilometers north of Vancouver.
Metaphysics is a branch of philosophy and is the study of the world.
Washington is one of the 50 states in the United States of America.
Clematis is a genus of plants, that is widely known for its beautiful flowers.
In mathematics, a rational number is a number that can be written as one whole number divided by another whole number.
Saint Patrick's Day is the feast day of Saint Patrick, the patron saint of Ireland.
Edgar Cayce , known as "The Sleeping Prophet" and "America's Greatest Mystic", is one of America's famous psychics.
Hibiscus syriacus is one of the common flower trees found in gardens.
Hibiscus or rosemallow is a genus of plants with a flower of fresh colors.
Maceió is the capital of Alagoas, a state in the Northeast of Brazil.
Alagoas is a small coastal state in the Northeast Region of Brazil.
René Descartes  was a famous French philosopher and physicist.
Tanzania is a country in Africa.
The Kingdom of Great Britain, also known as the United Kingdom of Great Britain, was a state in Western Europe, in existence from 1707 to 1800.
The Ford Model T was an American car built between 1908 and 1928 by the Ford Motor Company of Detroit, Michigan.
Volkswagen is a car company from Germany.
Toyota Motor Corporation   , , , is an automobile maker in Japan.
An interpreter is a person who works with translating and communicating in different languages.
Horseshoes are things worn by horses to protect their feet when they walk - like a shoe.
Carlos Saúl Menem  was the president of Argentina from July 8, 1989 to December 10, 1999.
The Buenos Aires Province is the largest, wealthiest, and most populated province of Argentina.
The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, or CBC, is a national television and radio company in Canada.
"Romeo and Juliet" is the name of a play written by William Shakespeare, and first published in an incomplete form in 1597.
Mark Anthony Luhrmann or Baz Luhrmann  is a flamboyant Australian movie and theatre director.
Rock and Roll is a form of rock music is a form of popular music developed in the 1950s and 1960s.
Thomas Alva Edison  was an American inventor, who invented many things.
Diabetes means a disease where people have too much sugar in their blood.
The 18th century is the century from 1701 to 1800.
The 17th century is the century from 1601 to 1700.
Victor Hugo  was the most important romantic writer of the French language.
The FIFA World Cup is the most important competition in the sport of soccer football .
Jakarta  is the largest and the capital city of Indonesia.
Comedy Central is an American cable television channel that specalises in showing comedy and humorous TV shows and movies, as well as stand-up comedy.
An apron is a protective piece of clothing made from fabric  that covers the front of the body.
Pearl Jam is an American alternative rock band.
Social Distortion is a punk/alternative group.
Andy Gibb  was a pop singer popular in the 1970s.
INXS is an Australian new-wave rock band.
Chicago is an American soft rock / jazz group, from Chicago, Illinois.
The Turtles were a 1960s pop group from Los Angeles, California.
Strawberry Alarm Clock was a American psychedelic pop band that formed in Los Angeles, California in 1966.
Donovan Phillips Leitch  is a Scottish-born pop singer and guitarist, who was popular in the 1960s.
A Frisian is someone who lives in Friesland.
The Smashing Pumpkins are an influential alternative rock band of the early 1990s.
Tool is an American progressive metal band.
Death was one of the first ever death metal bands in North America.
Mötley Crüe is a hair/glam metal band from Los Angeles, California, USA, formed in 1981 by 4 members: Vince Neil , Mick Mars , Nikki Sixx , and Tommy Lee .
Radio control is a way of making models of cars, boats, helicopters and airplanes move on their own like real ones.
Tucuman is the smallest province of Argentina.
Duran Duran is a British pop group.
Peter Tosh  was a Jamaican reggae musican.
Billy Joel  is a famous American singer and songwriter.
Lake Constace or Lake of Constance  is a large Lake on the river Rhine.
The samurai, also named bushi, were the members of the military class of Japan.
The Republic is a book by Plato, it was finished in 390 BC.
Aesthetics is a branch of Philosophy.
Wes Craven was born August 2, 1939 in Cleveland, Ohio.
Earth, Wind & Fire are an American funk group.
The Kinks are a English rock band.
The name diesel is given to an engine invented by a German named Rudolf Diesel in the late 19th century.
A megabyte is a large number used when talking about hard drives or computer memory.
A waffle is a cooked food made from a batter that consists of flour, water, baking powder, oil, and eggs.
Stargard Szczeciński  is a town in Pomerania, northwestern Poland, with 71,400 inhabitants .
Disney is also the name of a small town in Oklahoma and a street in London.
Ruby slippers are red shoes that are worn by the character Dorothy  in the movie "The Wizard of Oz".
The Blessed Pope John XXIII , born Angelo Giuseppe Roncalli , was the Pope of the Roman Catholic Church from 1958 until his death in 1963.
Beauty is a property of certain things.
The 2020s is a decade  that is in the future.
The guitar is string instrument which is played by plucking the strings.
A guitarist is a person who plays the guitar.
British Sea Power is an indie rock band from Cumbia, England.
Jimmy Eat World is an alternative rock band.
Phish is a hippie/jam band.
Green Day is an American rock band trio that formed in 1987.
A live album is an album that has live songs.
An album has a few meanings.
An LP, or long play record, is a plastic disc with little lines called grooves that go around the middle.
Marvin Gaye  was an American soul and R&B singer and songwriter who found international fame as an artist recording on the Motown label during the 1960s and 1970s.
Masturbation is the act of a person touching their own genitals .
Animation is a way of making a movie from many still images.
Confucius   was an important Chinese educator and philosopher.
Consciousness means being awake, alert and responsive with the environment.
An architect is a person who designs buildings and prepares plans to give to a builder.
La Jolla is a town inside the city of San Diego, in the state of California, in the United States.
An arch is an opening in a building that is curved on top.
The vagina is a part of the female human body.
The breasts are an important part of the female body.
The thumb is one of the five fingers on the human hand.
Pregnancy is when a female has an unborn baby inside her.
A forest is an area of land with many trees.
A barber is someone who cuts hair and shaves beards.
A carpenter is a person who works with wood.
An electrician is a person who fixes the wires and switches in a building so that lights and outlets work the right way.
A roof is the top part of the building.
A brick is a man-made building material used to make walls and make places to walk.
San Diego is the 2nd largest city in the U.S.
The Old World oriole or just Oriole is a bird in the family "Oriolidae".
Feathers are the things which cover birds.
Mary-Kate Olsen and Ashley Fuller Olsen  are twin American actresses who have been seen in movies and on television series since they were nine months old.
The Walt Disney Company, commonly nicknamed Disney, is one of the largest entertainment and media companies in the world.
Hypercholesterolemia means that the cholesterol level is too high in the blood.
Cholesterol is a molecule that is found in cells.
Iowa is a state in the United States.
In sociology, gender identity describes the gender that a person identifies themselves with , but can also be used to refer to the gender that other people apply to the individual based on what they know from gender role indications .
"America's Army" is a multiplayer first-person shooter computer game series.
Heterosexual people love people  of the opposite sex.
A hate crime is when someone hurts another person because of prejudice against a group the victim belongs to.
Gay bashing is a type of hate crime.
Emergency Medicine is a specialty of medicine.
Berkeley, California is a city in the U.S.
Medicine is a very complex field.
Pediatrics is the specialty of medicine that cares for infants and children.
Jenna Welch Bush was born November 25, 1981.
Uncyclopedia is a website parody of Wikipedia founded by Jonathan Huang and "stillwaters".
Barbara Pierce Bush was born November 25, 1981 at Baylor University Medical Center in Texas.
Esperanto is a special language that was made to be very easy to learn.
Barbara Bush  is the wife of George H.
Kadis-kot is a fictional board game in the TV show "Star Trek".
Kenny Rogers  is a Grammy Award winning country music singer and songwriter.
Moundou is the capital of the Logone Occidental in Chad.
Andrew Aagesen or Andreas Aagesen  was a Danish teacher of law.
Heart is a rock band from Seattle, Washington from 1973.
Golden Earring is a Dutch rock band, founded in 1961 in The Hague as the Golden Earrings .
Rick Springfield  is an Australian musician and actor.
The anus is the hole in the human body that is between the buttocks.
An orgasm is a sexual climax or peak.
The prostate is a gland of the male body that adds part of the fluid to semen, and stops males from urinating while sexually aroused.
A fossil is the remains, or trace of something that was once alive, but is now long-gone and dead.
Nine Inch Nails, or NIN, is the name of a famous industrial rock band.
In remixing, a person  takes a familiar song, splits it into different parts called "tracks", and changes the song's music, instruments, layout, and or vocals to create a new version of the same song.
Howard Phillips Lovecraft  was an American author of fantasy, horror and science fiction.
Hormones are biological chemicals that are found in plants and animals.
Testosterone is an androgen sex steroid hormone.
An infectious disease is a disease or sickness that happens when an organism  is attacked by a pathogen.
A patio is a paved area in a garden often used for barbeques or relaxing outside.
Cholera is an infectious disease.
Mandriva  is a Linux distribution.
An action is something that a person does.
Xiangqi is a form of chess that started in China.
A governor is the leader of a state.
The United States Republican Party is one of the two biggest political parties in the United States of America.
The U.S.
Taste is one of the five senses.
Touch  is one of the five senses that animals have.
Mechanics is a part of physics.
Moai  MO-EYE) are stone statues on Easter Island.
Diogenes of Sinope  was an Ancient Greek philosopher.
Vaccination means giving someone a substance that makes an immune system reaction.
The Vice President of the United States of America is the second-in-command to the President.
Richard Bruce "Dick" Cheney  is the current Vice President of the United States of America.
Toad the Wet Sprocket is a folk/pop group from the U.S.
Boyz II Men is an American boy band from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
John Lester "Johnny" Nash Jr.
Linda Ronstadt  is an American singer.
The heart is an organ in the body.
Heart disease is a general term that means that the heart is not working normally.
North Dakota is one of the United States.
LGBT is an acronym.
The rainbow flag is a multi-colored flag consisting of stripes in the colors of the rainbow that is displayed in many cultures around the world as a sign of diversity and inclusiveness.
Dualism is the idea or theory that something  is split into two parts.
Vomiting, also called puking, is emptying the contents of stomach through mouth.
Ancient Greece was a large area where people spoke Greek.
Malaria is an infectious disease.
A blood vessel is a tube that carries blood.
Jana Gana Mana  is the national anthem of India.
The circulatory system is the body system that brings blood to the body.
The pink triangle is one of the two big symbols of the LGBT community.
A chat room is a virtual place on the Internet where people can get together and "talk".
"Alan Wake" is a video game made by Remedy Entertainment.
"Devil May Cry 4" is the latest video game in the series of "Devil May Cry".
50 Cent  is an African American rap singer.
Subjects are the parts into which learning can be divided.
Learning English is what people do when they want to learn how to speak and listen to the English language.
An ethical tradition is a group of things that one group of people think are right and wrong.
A Dildo is a sex toy which a woman may put into her vagina or anus, or a man may put into his anus.
Bioinformatics is the study of big amounts of biological information.
The economy of India is the 12th largest in the world with a GDP  of $568 billion .
Testicles are body parts that are found on the bodies of male creatures.
"The Screwtape Letters" is a book written by author and Christian scholar C.
Multiplayer is a term for games, usually video games, meaning more than one person can play it.
Alfred Matthew "Weird Al" Yankovic is a parody musician singer, songwriter and comedian.
Supertramp was a British rock group.
New Mexico is a state in the United States of America.
Gordon Matthew Thomas Sumner, better known as Sting,  is an English singer and musician.
Starbucks is a chain of stores that sell coffee.
Frasier is an American sitcom starring Kelsey Grammar.
A spin-off is something new that comes from something already present.
A pedophile is an adult who is sexually attracted to children who have not reached puberty, or who are not yet fully sexually adult.
Igneous rocks are formed when molten rock  cools down to form crystals or minerals.
Bauxite is the main ore of aluminium.
Chalcopyrite is the main ore of copper.
Hematite or haematite is the main ore of iron.
Galena is the main ore of lead.
Robert Joseph Dole  is a former United States Senator from Kansas.
Lionel Richie  is a popular American pop singer, most famous for his 1980s songs.
Walt Disney Pictures is a movie studio from the United States thhat makes family-friendly movies with a G and PG rating from the MPAA, like The Fox and the Hound.
The scrotum is the bag that holds the testicles in male mammals.
Ministry is an American rock and roll band from Chicago, Illinois.
Indo-European refers to culture and language from western-India, Khalistan Pakistan, Afghanistan and Europe.
Ingots are bars of metal, formed by pouring the molten metal into a mould.
Westlife are an Irish boy band.
An ulcer is a kind of open wound.
A peptic ulcer is an ulcer of the stomach or duodenum.
Symptoms are changes in your body.
Diagnosis is when a doctor finds out what is making a person sick.
The True Jesus Church is a Christian church.
Pokémon is a Japanese video game franchise created by Satoshi Tajiri for Nintendo in the 1990s.
Homer Simpson is a cartoon character in the animated television series "The Simpsons".
Calcium is a chemical element.
"A Series of Unfortunate Events" is a series of thirteen books written for children by Lemony Snicket.
A membrane is a thin soft layer of material.
François-Marie Arouet  was a French philosopher.
Missouri is one of the fifty states in the United States.
South Dakota is a state in the United States.
Wimbledon is a suburb of London.
The Mersey Beat or Mersey Sound or Liverpool Sound is the name for a type of music that came out in the city of Liverpool, England in the early 1960s.
"The Adventures of Pete and Pete" was an American television show on the Nickelodeon network in the early 1990s.
A motorcycle is a vehicle, ridden for transportation.
Guinea Pigs are small animals.
Phillip Glass is a famous American composer who has written many pieces in his life.
Audioslave is an American rock band.
Environment means all of the outside forces, events, and things that act on a thing.
A tooth is one of the hard, white things in your mouth.
Petula Clark  is a British singer, actress, and composer.
Sir Thomas John Woodward, KBE , known by his stage name as Tom Jones, is a Grammy Award winning Welsh popular music singer particularly noted for his powerful voice.
Slade is a English Hard Rock /Glam rock band.
Deep Purple is a hard rock band started in Hertford, England, in 1968.
Yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Marlon Brando  was a famous American actor.
Galician  is a language that is spoken in Galicia, just north of Portugal.
Abdul Rahman Ibn Khaldun was an influential Arab thinker of the 14th century.
The Swabian Alb  is a plateau in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
A nerve is a group of special nerve cells grouped together in parallel.
Injury means a "harm" or "hurt".
Mercedes-Benz is a brand of cars and trucks from the Daimler AG company of Germany.
A record label is a brand created by companies that specialize in manufacturing, distributing and promoting audio and video recordings, on various formats including compact discs, LPs, DVD-Audio, SACDs, and cassettes.
A pipette is a glass tube used for delivery of a specific volume of a solution.
Muscle is a tissue in animal bodies.
Game Boy was Nintendo's first game console in the Game Boy range.
The stomach is part of the digestive system.
Pain is a symptom of being hurt or sick.
A drain is found in the ground and lets water go through  to avoid the street or farmland getting flooded.
Super Mario 64 is a video game created by Nintendo for the Nintendo 64.
MPEG-1 Audio Layer 3  is a popular lossy data compression format for audio.
King Crimson is a rock band.
Fleetwood Mac is a rock band that formed in London, England in 1967.
The Yardbirds were a English blues band.
The Grateful Dead is a "jam band" who formed in San Francisco, California United States in the 1960s.
John Dawson Winter III  is an albino blues musician from Beaumount, Texas, United States.
Edgar Winter  is an albino musician from Beaumont, Texas.
Albinism is a condition some people and animals are born with.
Paco de Lucia  is a famous Flamenco guitar player from Spain.
Hearing is one of the five senses.
The Kingdom of Bhutan is a small country in the Himalaya mountains of South Asia.
Voice is when someone is speaking or singing.
James Madison  was the fourth President of the United States.
James Monroe  was the fifth President of the United States.
Martin Van Buren  was the eighth President of the United States.
South Holland is a province in the west of the Netherlands.
Grand Theft Auto is a series of video games.
Black Eyed Peas are an American hip-hop group from Los Angeles, California.
PlayStation Portable is Sony's first video game console to be a handheld.
In mammals, an abortion is when a pregnancy ends early without the birth of offspring.
A clock is a device that tells the time.
Sexual orientation is a term that means what kinds of people a person loves or has sexual or romantic feelings about.
A Smiley  is a picture of a simple smiling face that is used to show emotion.
Flamenco is a style of guitar playing that originated in Spain by Gypsy people who were living there at the time.
Cream was a British rock band in the late 1960s.
Blind Faith was a rock group, that only were together for about one year .
The Guess Who is a Canadian rock band.
Bruce Springsteen  is a American rock musician from New Jersey.
An intersexual or intersex organism is an organism  that is either born with genitalia and/or secondary sex characteristics that are not male or female.
The gastrointestinal system is the body system that eats and digests food.
The mouth is the hole in the face where we put food when we eat.
A Deacon is a role in the Christian church.
Friedrich Engels  was a German political thinker.
Dinner is a word with a few different meanings.
Rosa Luxemburg  was a Polish-born German Marxist.
The liver is an organ in the abdomen.
A clot is a solid substance that blood forms when it is in air.
The Coachella Valley is a desert valley in the Colorado Desert of Southern California.
Derivative work is a phrase used in copyright law.
Rugby football is a sport that people play around the world.
Kidneys are two organs in the abdomen of vertebrates that are shaped like beans.
A prefix is a part of a word.
The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization  is the United Nations agency that looks after One of the things UNESCO does is to make a list of all the most important, special, interesting or beautiful places in the world.
Human rights is the idea that people should have rights "just because" they are human beings.
Nationality means of what nation  a person is a citizen.
A citizen is someone who is a member of a country.
The term religious fundamentalism was used at first to describe some people in the Protestant community in the United States in the early 20th century.
Medical ethics is the set of ethical rules that doctors follow.
Sperm are the male reproductive cells.
Semen  is the fluid that comes out from the end of a man's penis when he has an orgasm  and ejaculates.
Bilbao is a city in the Basque Country, in the North of Spain.
In the United States, Middle school is a school between elementary school  and high school .
Below is a list of animated movies from Walt Disney Pictures/The Walt Disney Company.
Below is a list of non-animated  movies from Walt Disney Productions and its successor label, Walt Disney Pictures.
The Ku Klux Klan is a hate group, which was started in the southern United States in 3rd March 1865, the first disbanded, but others have been created.
"Brown versus Board of Education" (full name "Brown v.
A well is a hole that is dug into the Earth to get water .
Honey is a solid or liquid food that is made by honeybees by transforming nectar.
A cracker is a thin and crispy piece of baked bread.
Surgery is an operation that involves a doctor.
over a piece of bread covered with sauce; most often tomato, but sometimes butter-based sauces are used.
Pepperoni is a meat food that is sometimes sliced very thinly and put on pizza.
Heaven is a concept of the afterlife  in many religions.
A button can have three meanings.
Multiprocessing is the use of two or more central processing units  within a single computer system.
Multitasking means that a computer can run more than one program at the same time.
Multithreading means that a computer can work on different parts of the same program at the same time.
Fertilization  is what happens when a male's sperm goes inside of a female's ovum  and form a zygote.
A whiteboard, also called a markerboard, is a surface on which markings made with markers are visible.
A chemist is a scientist who studies chemistry.
A biologist is a scientist who studies biology.
Testicular cancer is a type of cancer that develops in one or both testicles, a part of the male reproductive system.
The future is something that has not happened yet.
A fetus or foetus is the stage that an organism goes through before it is born as a baby.
The past is something that has already happened.
A particle is a very small piece of something.
Ellen DeGeneres  is an American comedian and television star.
Rosie O'Donnell  is an American actress and television host.
Tissue means a part of an organ or organism.
Shit is a slang term for feces.
Cunt is an abusive word that is used against people.
Ball and chain is a slang term for a person's spouse.
A faggot is a kind of meatball, a traditional dish in the UK, especially the southwest of England, Wales, and the Black Country.
Llanfair PG or Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch is a village on the island of Anglesey in Wales, Britain.
Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis is a lung disease caused by the breathing-in of very small particles of sand or quartz dust found in volcanoes.
Taumatawhakatangihangakoauauotamateaturipukakapikimaungahoronukupokaiwhenuakitanatahu  is the Maori name of a hill in New Zealand.
Something Awful is a comedy website and forums.
Fark is a comedy website and forums.
Pikachu is a small yellow animal from the fictional Pokémon world that was created by Satoshi Tajiri.
Menstruation or "menses" is when a woman has blood come out of her vagina for 2-7 days every month.
The Corinthian Casuals are a football team located in Tolworth, Surrey, England playing in the Isthmian League Division One South.
A nightclub is a type of bar for adults to socialize and meet other adults and consume alcoholic drinks such as wine, beer, and mixed drinks.
Freezing is the process when a liquid turns into a solid.
A precious metal is a type of metal that is worth a lot of money compared to most other metals.
Jewelry  refers to any clothing accessory that is worn as a decoration.
Potassium is a chemical element in the periodic table.
"The Simpsons" is an American television program that is an animated comedy, created by Matt Groening.
Teresa Heinz Kerry  is the wife of United States Senator John Kerry.
A museum is a building where things are collected and then shown to people.
A camera is a tool that takes pictures .
News is when people talk about current events .
An export is a product that is sold to people outside of the country in which the product was made.
An observatory is a building that holds one or many very big telescopes.
An epidemic is a disease that goes over a large area and lots of people.
"George of the Jungle" is an animated television series created by Jay Ward Productions in the late 1960s as a parody  of Tarzan.
Westminster Abbey is a very large and famous church in London, England.
The Eagles are an American rock music band.
The Himalaya is a mountain range in Asia.
The BEST or the Brihanmumbai Electricity Supply and Transport is Mumbai's public transport service and electricity provider.
Guelders is a province in the east of the Netherlands.
Canvas is a thick material usually made of woven cotton.
A Large format lens is a lens that can be used on a large format camera.
The Ramones are an American punk rock group who formed in New York City in 1974 and broke up in 1996.
Olivia Newton-John  is a British-born Australian singer and actress.
Kansas is a rock band.
Styx was an American rock band.
Jethro Tull is a rock band.
A turtle is a type of animal that may live on land or in the water.
Rage Against the Machine, sometimes known as RATM or Rage, are a rock band from Los Angeles, California.
In mathematics, a product is a number or a quantity obtained by multiplying two or more numbers together.
The Universal Declaration of Human Rights is a "declaration"  by the United Nations General Assembly.
Dolphins are mammals of the order "Cetacea".
Guinea is an independent nation in western Africa.
A domestic pig  is a farm animal.
Wheat is a kind of plant.
The Taliban is an Islamic group working for control of Afghanistan.
A screw is a sharp piece of threaded metal similar to a nail.
Tajikistan is a country in Asia.
Fear is an emotion similar to anxiety.
The tongue is the fleshy organ inside the mouth.
Titanium is a very strong metal.
The Hebrew language is a Semitic language.
Joan of Arc (c.
James Charles Kopp (b.
Millet is a type of grain that is eaten.
Sonic the Hedgehog is a video game character.
A hedgehog is a small mammal.
"Final Fantasy" is a fantasy role-playing video game series made by Square Enix since 1987.
Georges Brassens  was a french singer and songwriter.
Resolution is what can qualify a monitor in computer science.
The cervix is the part of the uterus which protrudes into the vaginal canal.
Bullets are small metal objects fired from guns.
Frankfort is the capital city of the U.S.
Shahrukh Khan  is a Bollywood Indian actor.
Masashi Tashiro  is a former Japanese television performer and member of Japanese musical group Rats & Star.
New Orleans is a city in the state of Louisiana in the United States of America.
Mamluks are members of a military caste that controlled Egypt from 1254 to 1811.
, born Louis Laurent Marie Clerc,  co-founded the first school for the deaf  in the United States.
Ivory is a hard white material made from the tusks and teeth of animals such as elephants, hippopotamuses and walruses.
Brazil is subdivided into 26 states and 1 Federal District .
A vice president is someone who helps the president conduct his duties.
The triple jump is a athletics event.
Texas hold'em is a popular version of the card game poker.
Creationism is the belief that God  created the universe, like it says in the Bible, Torah, Qur'an, or other religious books.
The flute is a woodwind instrument.
Staind is an American rock band from Massachusetts, United States.
Ocarina is a kind of flute that is not made out of a tube.
The clarinet is a woodwind instrument.
The 16th century is the century from 1501 to 1600.
The lute is a kind of musical instrument with strings.
In the United States, Independence Day, commonly known as the Fourth of July or the Fourth, is a federal holiday commemorating the adoption of the Declaration of Independence on July 4, 1776, declaring independence from the Kingdom of Great Britain.
Microsoft Office or Microsoft Office System is a collection of computer programs made by Microsoft.
Afrikaans is a West Germanic language mainly spoken in South Africa and Namibia.
Leonard Bernstein  was an American composer and conductor.
The Afrikaans Language Monument  is the only monument in the world dedicated to a language.
DC Comics is an American comic book company.
Wonder Woman is a superheroine, who appears in DC Comics.
Bob Saget  is an American comedian and actor.
Phil Collins  is an English singer and drummer.
Badfinger was a British rock group.
The United Nations Security Council  is the most powerful part of the United Nations.
The high jump was first practised in England in the 19th century.
Manhattan is an island, which is part of New York City.
The Bronx is a part of New York City, USA.
Bob Denver  was an American actor.
Note that 1100 is the last year of the 11th century; 1101 is the first year of the 12th century.
A monk is a man who decides to obey a set of very strict laws or rules.
Biography.
A triangle is a shape.
Benchmarks can measure the skills of the computer or the computer user.
Feminism is a social and political movement.
Eivør Pálsdóttir is a singer and composer from the Faroe Islands.
The hippopotamus   is a large mammal of the "Hippopotamidae" family.
A prefecture is a word used by countries such as Greece and Japan.
2010 is a year in the 21st century.
136199 Eris, known before as "2003 UB 313", is a dwarf planet and a trans-Neptunian object  in the solar system.
The Battle of Normandy was fought in 1944 between the German army and the Allied forces as part of World War II.
Michael Gerard Tyson (b.
Cleveland is a city that is located in northern Ohio, US.
Lexus is a luxury car line produced by the Toyota company.
Dentition is the development of teeth and where the teeth are in the mouth.
A plectrum or pick is a small object used to play certain types of string instruments.
Danny Barker  was a New Orleans jazz singer-songwriter and musician.
Charles Henry "Charlie" Christian  was an American jazz guitarist.
Franco Cerri  is an Italian jazz guitar player.
Albert Edwin "Eddie" Condon  was a Chicago jazz/big band rhythm guitarist.
Al DiMeola  is a Jazz fusion guitarist.
The White House can refer to the home of the President of the United States of America.
George Carlin  was an American actor and comedian.
The Portuguese language is one of the of Romance languages .
Hurricane Katrina was a strong hurricane that did a lot of damage to the city of New Orleans, Louisiana in the United States on August 29, 2005.
Carlos Fuentes  is a Mexican writer.
The bass guitar  is a string instrument which is related to the electric guitar.
Saint Anna is the grandmother of Jesus.
Nepal is a country in South Asia bordering India and China.
Zagreb is the capital city and the largest city of the country of Croatia.
The krona is the currency that is used in Sweden.
In mythology, a giant is a type of very large human-like creature.
Piedmont is a region in the northern part of Italy.
Terrence Stanley Fox  was a Canadian athlete and activist.
Rick Hansen  is a Canadian athlete and activist.
A fin is a surface used to produce lift and thrust or to steer while traveling in water, air, or other fluid media.
A method is a way of doing something.
Region is a geographic term used in many ways in the different types of geography.
A toothache is a pain felt in a person's tooth.
Icing, also called frosting, is a kind of paste that is usually made from sugar.
Juan Ponce de Leon  was a Spanish explorer.
Romford is a place in the east London Borough of Havering, England.
Maltose  is a disaccharide .
A toolbox or toolkit is a box where a person stores tools.
Stones are pieces of rocks, which can be fragments of a mountain.
A hot spot is a place where computers with the ability for wireless connections can connect to the Internet.
Winnipeg  is the capital and largest city of Manitoba, Canada.
A kilobyte is a number used when talking about hard drives or computer memory.
A byte is a unit of measurement.
A subatomic particle is a particle smaller than an atom.
Breathing is the means by which our lungs remove carbon dioxide  take in oxygen, a gas needed along with glucose to produce energy.
Laura Bush  is the First Lady  of the United States.
Dijon is a big city in France.
Sabato "Simon" Rodia  was an Italian immigrant who lived in the United States in the district of Los Angeles, California called Watts.
Terry Southern  was an American writer.
Emeril Lagasse  is an American celebrity chef.
An artificial limb is a fake limb  used by people who have lost them in accidents or due to health problems  or were born without them, so that they can do normal things.
Hurricane Rita was a powerful hurricane in the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season that hit the United States' Gulf Coast.
The Boeing 767 is a passenger airplane manufactured by Boeing.
Stephen King  is a famous writer from the U.S.
A baby is a very young child.
A cactus is a kind of plant.
A desert is a very dry place.
A dessert is a type of food that is eaten after lunch or dinner.
William Henry Harrison  was the 9th President of the United States.
Viacom is an entertainment company.
In some cases, the URL may also contain The URL of this page is http://simple.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Uniform_Resource_Locator Extensions.
A cuckoo clock is a kind of clock.
The Labrador Retriever  is a breed of dog.
Margaret Hilda Thatcher, "Baroness Thatcher LG, OM, PC, FRS "  was the first woman Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1979 to 1990.
Firefighters or firemen are people whose job is to put out fires and rescue people.
Random is a term used in mathematics, as well as in a more general use, for situations when there is no way to know the outcome .
There are two countries in the world that are called China.
Cellular respiration is what cells do to break up sugars into a food that the cell can use as energy.
Lesotho is a small country in southern Africa.
Alexander Hamilton  was the United States' first Secretary of the Treasury, and was known for the creation of a national bank.
Köbes is a word from the Rhineland from local Ripuarian and Limburgish-Bergisch languages.
Asperger Syndrome affects the way in which a person understands other people, talks with other people, and acts with other people.
Stop motion is way of animation which makes it look like still objects are moving.
D.C.
Wendy Carlos  is an American composer and musician.
Boolean algebra is algebra for binary .
"Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" is the first book in the Harry Potter series by English author J.K.
Justin Randall Timberlake  is an American rhythm and blues singer.
Aramaic is a language that is 3000 years old, or even more.
Libya is a country in north Africa.
The population density of a country or city is a way of showing how crowded that place is.
"Saturday Night Fever" is a 1977 movie.
A Greyhound is a dog breed that is skinny, has long legs, and runs faster than any other breed of dog.
Grand unification theory was thought of by a Pakistani scientist, Dr.
A factory is a building where workers use machines to make objects for sale.
The United States Declaration of Independence is an important document in the history of the United States of America.
Jordan is a country in the Middle East.
An Israeli is a person who is a citizen of the country Israel.
When a person is prejudiced, it means that they decide they like or dislike something without really thinking carefully about it.
When economists talk about inflation they mean that the general level of prices is going up.
Obsessive-compulsive disorder is a problem that some people have.
The Industrial Revolution is the name historians have given to the period in history when there was a large and rapid change in the way things were made.
Botswana is a country in southern Africa.
A ferry is a ship or boat that is used to take people, vehicles or goods across water.
Rapa or Oparo is an island in French Polynesia.
Johanne "Jo" Whiley  is an English radio DJ on BBC Radio 1, and a television presenter.
Windows Vista is the newest version of Microsoft Windows after Windows XP from Microsoft.
The Gambia is a country in west Africa.
Derry or Londonderry is a city in Northern Ireland near to the border with the Republic of Ireland.
The Federal Reserve is a group of economic policymakers and forecasters .
Trent Reznor   is an American singer and musician.
Oklahoma  is a state that is in the southern part of the Central United States.
Terry Jacks  is a Canadian musician.
Sark is one of the Channel Islands.
Robert Crumb  is a famous American cartoonist and musician.
Renée Kathleen Zellweger  is an American actress.
Meryl Streep  is an American actress.
A bench is a place where people can sit.
This is a list of national anthems.
Celsius , sometimes called centigrade, is a unit of measurement used in many countries to measure temperature.
Fahrenheit  is a unit of measurement used to measure temperature.
An Agent, a person who acts on behalf of another person.
Anthrax, also called splenic fever, is a disease.
Wetzlar is a city at the river Lahn in Hesse in Germany.
Andy Warhol  was one of the most famous American artists of the later half of the 20th century.
Romulus and Remus were the legendary founders of Rome.
Confucianism is the philosophy based on the teachings of Confucius , who was an important Chinese philosopher.
Software hoarding is when a person or a software company tries to stop some people from using or sharing their software.
A proprietary license is a kind of license that has rules defined by its creators or owners.
Lead is a chemical element.
A bell is a simple musical instrument.
Transformers are robots that turn into other things.
When something is simple, it is very easy to understand or do.
A mathematician is someone who studies mathematics, whether as a hobby, or as a job, such as math professors at universities.
West Virginia is a state in the United States.
Virginia is a state in the United States.
Vermont is a state in the United States.
South Carolina is a state in the southeast United States.
Rhode Island is the smallest state in the United States.
North Carolina is one of the fifty states in the United States.
New Jersey is one of the 50 states of the United States of America.
New Hampshire is a state in the United States.
A watch glass used for temporary storage of solids and sometimes liquids .
A funnel is an object with a wide top and a narrow tube at the bottom and this is used for pouring liquids into a container.
An evaporating basin is used to evaporate solutions -- that is, to turn them from a liquid state into gaseous state.
A measuring cylinder is used to measure the volume of liquids.
Constantinople  was the capital of the Roman Empire , the East Roman Empire , the Latin Empire , and the Ottoman Empire .
Mormonism is a religious movement.
Seyyed Mohammad Khatami , born October 14, 1943 was President of Iran from August 2, 1997 to August 2, 2005 and was followed by Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
Cider  is a drink made from fruit juice, most often from apples.
Bisons are a group of even-toed ungulate mammals.
A baseball cap is a kind of hat, worn by baseball players, when they play as part of their uniform, but other people wear them, too.
Windows 95 was a Microsoft operating system released in 1995.
Prince Otto Eduard Leopold von Bismarck-Schönhausen Duke of Lauenburg  was a very well known aristocrat and statesman of the 19th century in Europe.
Differential calculus, a branch of calculus, is the process of finding out the rate of change of a variable compared to another variable, by using functions.
A Socialist country is a country where the government or the public as a whole has control over the economy.
A hamster is a small furry animal  that is a bit like a mouse or a ferret.
Edward Theodore "Ed" Gein (1906 - July 26, 1984 was an American serial killer.
Easter is a Christian holiday.
Agnosticism is the belief that it is not possible to prove if there is or isn't a god, or higher power in the universe.
"UMD can also mean University of Maryland." The Universal Media Disc  is an optical disc made by Sony for their PlayStation Portable.
Georgia is a small country in the Caucasus on the edge of the Black Sea.
A first-person shooter is a computer or video game where the player sees the level from the eyes of the character being played.
Random access memory  is the memory or information storage in a computer that is used to store running programs and data for the programs.
Read-only memory  is computer memory that, unlike RAM, does not lose its contents when the computer is turned off.
Introduction.
Mosses are non-vascular plants.
A function in mathematics is a rule that tells a person what to do to an object in order to get a different object.
Miami is a city in the U.S.
Grunge Music or Seattle Sound  is a style of rock music that incorporates elements of punk rock and heavy metal.
Carly Simon  is an American singer and songwriter.
Toto is a soft rock group that formed in Los Angeles in 1978, that was popular in the early 1980's.
James Warren "Jim" Jones  was an American preacher and religious leader.
"Saludemos la Patria orgullosos"  is the national anthem of El Salvador.
Eritrea is a country in east Africa.
Sanford Dole  was an American politician.
Ancient Egypt was a society that lasted for a long time many years ago.
Alexander the Great  was a Macedonian king.
Brisbane  is the capital of Queensland in the northeast of Australia.
The Hawaiian language  is the language of native Hawaiians.
Skinheads, named after their short haircuts, are members of a subculture that originated in Britain in late 1960s, where they were closely tied to the Rude Boys and the Mods.
Anime is Japanese for "Animation" Outside of Japan, "anime" means japanese animation.It was made in Japan", But, in Japan, anime means all animation in general.
Sudan is a country in Africa.
OpenBSD is a secure, free computer operating system.
A civil war is a war that takes place between different groups in one country.
A crocodile is a large reptile that lives in water.
ZZT is a computer game made by Tim Sweeney.
Centre  or center (U.S.
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky   was a Russian composer who lived in the Romantic period.
BBC Radio 1  is an international radio station that is based in the United Kingdom.
1443 was a common year.
The sea level is the average height of the ocean .
Fear Factory is an American death/industrial metal group.
Sublime was a popular punk/ska rock band.
Crass was one of the first anarcho-punk bands.
Black Flag was an American punk rock band.
Tarika is the Arabic word for a Sufi order in Islam.
The Crazy Frog is a 3D animated creature, featured on music albums.
Surrey is a county in southern England.
In computing, Universal Serial Bus  is technology that allows to connect devices to a computer.
Punk rock  music genre related to rock music.
Edip Yüksel  used to be a student of Rashad Khalifa and used to be a member of the United Submitters International, which is an Islamic group that was made by the controversial Khalifa.
Epididymitis is a painful inflammation of the epididymis, usually resulting from bacterial infection, but also occasionally caused by injury or viral infection.
Perth is a city in Australia.
Usāmah bin Muhammad bin 'Awad bin Lādin , better known as Osama bin Laden or Usama bin Laden  is an Islamic fundamentalist.
The "Mayflower" was a ship.
Centuries: 7th century - 8th century - 9th century Decades: 750s 760s 770s 780s 790s - 800s - 810s 820s 830s 840s 850s Years: 795 796 797 798 799 - 800 - 801 802 803 804 805 .
Reykjavík is the capital city of the island country of Iceland.
Uniforms are special clothes to show that a group of people belong together.
The Battle of Trafalgar was a sea battle fought on 21st October 1805 between the navies of France and Spain on one side, and Great Britain on the other.
Peter Frampton  is a English guitarist.
Nairobi is the capital and largest city of Kenya.
Derek and the Dominos an American blues rock band.
Carl Dean Radle  was an American musician, best known for being the bassist in Derek and the Dominos.
"Nineteen Eighty-Four" is a novel written by George Orwell in 1948.
Stephen Grover Cleveland  was the 22nd  and also the 24th  President of the United States.
A bassist is a musician whose musical instrument is a bass guitar or a double bass.
Fascism is a kind of right-wing government.
An erection  of a body part such as a man's penis, a woman's clitoris or a nipple refers to it becoming larger and harder.
Methamphetamine  is a drug created by humans in laboratories.
Mother is a female parent.
The Caribbean or Caribbean Area  is a region of the Americas.
The Caribbean Sea is a tropical sea in the center of the Caribbean area.
Gibraltar is an Overseas Territory of the United Kingdom.
Windows 2000  is an operating system that was designed to work with computers that have either single or multiple processors.
The Junior Certificate is earned by passing a required exam that takes place in secondary schools in the Republic of Ireland.
The Leaving Certificate is the final exam taken place in the Republic of Ireland secondary school education system.
An empire is a set of lands or regions that are ruled by an emperor.
A bus is a large wheeled vehicle meant to carry many different persons along with the driver.
A writer can mean anyone who makes a written work or a writing, but the word more usually means people who write creatively or as a job, or those who have written in many different forms.
An inventor is a person who creates new inventions, mostly new products that can be electrical, mechanical, or software.
"For other uses of the word "bear" please see Bear " Bears are a group of large mammals.
Meteorology is the scientific study of the atmosphere  that focuses on how weather works and forecasting the weather.
Technology deals with the knowledge of human tools and crafts.
The Seven Wonders of the World  is a widely-known list of seven great buildings or structures from the classical time period.
An illness  is when a person has poor health.
A daughter is the female child of a mother and father.
A son is the male child of a mother and father.
William Oliver Stone  is an American filmmaker.
Whale shark  is the largest known fish.Whale sharks can be almost 15 meters long and weight 15 tons.
Qatar is a country in the Middle East.
Salt water  most often means the water from the seas and oceans.
Oceanography  is the study of how the ocean works.
Diamanto Manolakou, born on 1 March 1959, is a Greek politician and member of the European Parliament for the Communist Party of Greece; part of the European United Left–Nordic Green Left.
Fresh water  is water that does not have a lot of salt in it.
Sir Arthur Charles Clarke  was a British author and inventor, most famous for his science fiction novel ', and for working with director Stanley Kubrick on the film of the same name.
Anthony Burgess  was an Englishman who wrote many long stories, called novels.
Rape is having sexual intercourse with a person who does not want to, or is unable to give their consent.
Emmet Derby Boyle  was a Governor of Nevada.
The Carp is a fish that lives in fresh water, such as rivers and lakes.
Ronald Walken , as an actor he is known as Christopher Walken, is an American movie, television, and theatre actor.
Eugene Alden Hackman  is an Oscar winning American actor.
Brian Russell is an American music producer.
Cod is a fish that lives in the ocean.
The 1st Infantry Division of the United States Army—nicknamed the "Big Red One" after its shoulder patch—is the oldest division.
William Garretson  was the caretaker of the Polanski residence at the time of Sharon Tate's murder by the Charles Manson family.
Charles Milles Manson was the leader of a cult of people who murdered other people.
A herring is a type of small fish.
A ray is a kind of sea creature.
Tuna, sometimes called tunafish, are several species  of fish.
Fishing hook is a hook used to catch fish.
A fishing rod is a tool used for catching fish.
"See Mammals for more info" .
Nottuln is a village, 20 km of Münster, Germany.
Coesfeld is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany and the capital of the Coesfeld county.
St.-Pius-Gymnasium is a catholic private highschool in Coesfeld near Münster in Germany.
The cell membrane is a thin flexible barrier around cells of organisms.
Morocco is a country in north Africa.
Andrew Johnson  was the 16th Vice-President and 17th President of the United States.
Sea stars  are animals that live in the ocean.
Jellyfish are water-living animals.
Tilapia is a fish that is often farmed for food.
Sardine is a name of several kinds of fish, especially Oily Phil.
Bones are parts of the human or animal skeleton of vertebrates.
Anteaters are mammals of the family "Myrmecophagidae" and the suborder "Vermilingua".
Sorghum is a genus in the grass family "Poaceae".
A Brown Bear  is a large bear.
The polar bear  is a large bear that lives in the Arctic.
The Blues Image was a late 1960s rock band formed in Tampa, Florida in 1966, and their only hit was the song "Ride, Captain, Ride".
A drummer is a person who plays the drums as a job or as a hobby.
A singer is a person who sings.
A keyboardist is a musician who plays one or more of the musical instruments called keyboard instruments, such as the piano, organ, or electronic synthesizer.
Mao Zedong  was a Chinese Communist leader.
Prelature of the Holy Cross and Opus Dei or more commonly known as Opus Dei, is an organization of the Roman Catholic Church.
A superhero is a fictional character who has powers which are unusual for normal people.
Paul Karrer  was a Swiss biochemist best known for his work on vitamins.
William "Smush" Parker  is a professional player in the American National Basketball Association.
"Half-Life" is a science fiction first-person shooter computer game developed by Valve Software and published by Sierra Entertainment in 1998, based on a very changed "Quake" game engine.
Year 1681 was a common year that started on a Wednesday when using the Gregorian calendar.
Anonymity means "namelessness" and comes from Greek words meaning "without name".
Spectroscopy is the study of light as a function of length of the wave that has been emitted, reflected or scattered from a solid, liquid, or gas.
Equestrianism  is a popular sport in countries like the United States, the United Kingdom, and Australia.
The United States Virgin Islands are a group of islands in the Caribbean Sea and are currently owned and under the authority of the United States Government.
Chester Alan Arthur  was an American politician and the 21st President of the United States.
"Wizardry" is a series of computer role-playing games that were popular in the 1980s.
The United States Army is a branch  of the United States Armed Forces.
Charlemagne  (ca.
Marlow is a town on the banks of the River Thames, on the southern tip of Buckinghamshire, England.
Near the beginning of 1848, nationalism and the monkeypatriotism flourished throughout Europe.
Meditation is to try to get past the "thinking" mind, and into a deeper state of relaxation or awareness.
The Nobel Peace Prize is one of six awards in the memory of Alfred Nobel, the inventor of Dynamite.
Celtic Park is a football stadium in Parkhead, Glasgow, Scotland.
The Romanian language is a Romance language, meaning it comes from Latin like French, Spanish and Italian.
Ealing is a town in the London Borough of Ealing, most famous for the Ealing Studios, a movie studio.
The ear is the part of the body that lets people hear.
Barrie O.
The Czech language is a Slavic language.
William Howard Taft  was the 27th President of the United States from March 4, 1909 to March 3, 1913.
Underwear are clothes worn under other clothes, often next to the skin.
Monica Samille Lewinsky  is an American woman who, in 1997, became famous for being part of a scandal between her and former President of the United States of America, Bill Clinton.
William Seward Burroughs  was an American writer.
Uganda is a country in Africa.
Mike Judge  is an American animator, actor, writer, and producer.
Missing Persons was an American New Wave group.
Blackpool is a seaside town in Lancashire, in the north west of England.
Francisco Paulino Hermenegildo Teódulo Franco y Bahamonde Salgado Pardo de Andrade or just Francisco Franco .
A police officer is a person who works for the police force.
An account is a record of something that has happened.
The Dutch are the people who live in the Netherlands, or those that come from the Netherlands.
Liquid Paper, also called white out and correction fluid, is used to correct mistakes made in writing on typewriters and with ink.
Doris Mary Ann von Kappelhoff  is an American singer, actress, and animal welfare activist.
Jack the Ripper is the name given to a serial killer, or a group of serial killers.
Johnny Rivers  is an American rock and roll musician.
Malcolm John Rebennack, Jr or Dr.
Suffolk is a county in England.
Etymology is the study of the origin and meaning of words and names.
A mule is a horse-donkey hybrid .
The Dead Sea is a lake lying between the countries of Israel and Jordan.
The American Black Bear  is a type of bear living in North America.
Fur is the hair of mammals.
Jackson Pollock  was an American painter.
Otto Struve  was a Russian astronomer.
Tamerlane  was a Turkic conqueror in the 14th century.
Caesar Augustus  was the first and one of the most important Roman Emperors.
Camels are mammals of the Camelidae family.
The 15th century is the century from 1401 to 1500.
The 14th century is the century from 1301 to 1400.
The 13th century is the century from 1201 to 1300.
The 12th century is the century from 1101 to 1200.
Mammalogy is the study of the mammals.
Antibiotics are used to kill or slow the growth of bacteria.
Sexism is discrimination based on the gender of a person -- looking down on people because they are male or female.
Go is a board game.
The Gulf War, or Persian Gulf War, was a conflict in 1991, between Iraq and 34 other countries, led by the United States.
Sicily is a region in South Italy.
A donkey or "ass"  is a mammal of the "Equidae" family.
"Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" was written by J.
Persian is the official language of Iran , Afghanistan and Tajikistan.
Copenhagen is the capital city of Denmark.
The Nepali language  is the official language of Nepal.
Kathmandu is the capital city of Nepal.
The 11th century is the century from 1001 to 1100.
The 10th century is the century from 901 to 1000.
The 9th century is the century from 801 to 900.
The 8th century is the century from 701 to 800.
The 7th century is the century from 601 to 700.
The 6th century is the century from 501 to 600.
The 5th century is the century from 401 to 500.
The 4th century is the century from 301 to 400.
The Republic of Zambia is a country in southern Africa.
Benin is a country in Africa.
The Dominican Republic  is a country on the Caribbean island of Hispaniola; the other country on the island is Haiti.
Navassa Island, or La Navase in Haitian Creole, is a small island without anyone living on it in the Caribbean Sea.
A calculator is a machine which allows people to do math operations more easily.
Blink-182  was a popular pop-punk band formed in 1992.
"Doctor Who" is a science fiction television series from the United Kingdom.
A concentration camp is a place which a government uses to keep people who are either against that government or who it thinks are too dangerous to remain free.
Ribosome is a part of a cell that creates protein.
William Henry Hartnell , is a English actor.
Patrick George Troughton  was a British actor.
John Devon Roland Pertwee , better known as Jon Pertwee was an English actor.
Thomas Stewart Baker  or Tom Baker is an English actor.
Nazi Germany is the informal name given to Germany between 1933 and 1945.
A U.S.
James Travis "Jim" Reeves  was an American country singer.
Mary Isabel Catherine Bernadette O'Brien   was a British pop singer.
The Offspring are a punk group formed in 1984 in Garden Grove, California.
Aretha Franklin  is an American soul and R&B singer.
Tomato is a red fruit.
Pineapple is a plant and a fruit.
Pear is a fruit.
A melon is a word used for a number of members of fruit in the Cucurbitaceae family.
A raspberry is an aggreate fruit, meaning it is many fruits joined together.
A plum is a sweet fruit.
Peach is a tree that at first grew in China.
Fig  is a soft, sweet fruit.
Grapefruit is a citrus fruit grown in sub-tropical places.
Grapes are the fruit of a woody grape vine.
The blackberry is well known shrub.
A lychee  is a tropical fruit that comes from southern China.
Cherry is a fruit that grows on a tree or a bush.
Blackcurrant  is a small, bitter-tasting fruit.
The Date Palm is a palm.
Cherimoya is a sweet fruit that comes mostly from Peru, Ecuador, Colombia and Bolivia.
A blueberry is a berry, a very small fruit.
Momentum is a conserved quantity in physics which is the product of the mass "m" and velocity "v" of an object.
These are some common phrases in the languages of English, Spanish, German, French and Russian.
Malmo  is the third largest city in Sweden.
A skull, or cranium, is a set of bones that make up the head of a vertebrate and keep in place all body parts in the head.
Mark Hoppus is an American musician.
Sandstone is a rock made of compacted sand "glued" together with calcium carbonate.
A pseudonym  is a false name a person makes up and uses instead of their real name.
A pen name is a name an author uses in the place of their real name, when they write and publish things.
A stage name is a name an entertainer like an movie star or a musican takes in the place of their real or birth name, they might like this name better than their real one or it's easier for people to remember.
Pierre de Fermat wrote about it in 1637 inside his copy of a book called "Arithmetica".
The Monica Lewinsky scandal  was a famous scandal where United States President Bill Clinton had sexual intercourse with 22-year-old White House intern Monica Lewinsky and then lied about it to the Senate.
Centuries: 3rd century - 4th century - 5th century Decades: 270s 280s 290s 300s 310s - 320s - 330s 340s 350s 360s 370s Years: 318 319 320 321 322 - 323 - 324 325 326 327 328 .
Guam is an island in Micronesia in the Pacific Ocean that is part of the United States.
Warren G.
Honduras is a country in Central America.
Bangladesh is a country in South Asia.
Yugoslavia was a country in Europe.
Major League Baseball is the company in the United States and Canada that is in charge of professional baseball.
Henry Louis Gehrig  was an American baseball player.
The United States Senate is part of the U.S.
Fair use is the idea that it should be okay for a person to copy small parts of something another person has created, without breaking the law.
The duodenum is a short section of the small intestine that receives secretions from the pancreas and liver via the pancreatic and common bile ducts.
Soil erosion  is the washing or blowing away  of the top layer of soil .
Compost is a type of fertilizer that is made from rotting plants.
Haiti , officially the Republic of Haiti  is a country on the Caribbean island of Hispaniola; the other country on the island is the Dominican Republic.
1901 was the first year of the 20th century.
Hodgenville, Kentucky is a town in the American state of Kentucky.
The University of Oxford is a university located in Oxford in the United Kingdom.
Def Leppard was one of the first hard rock bands in 1977.
Winter storms or snowstorms happen when warm, wet air meets with cold air.
The Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka  is a tropical island nation off the southeast coast of the Indian subcontinent.
Reptiles are a group of vertebrate animals.
Snakes are reptiles.
Freddie Mercury  was the lead singer for English rock band Queen.
Sun Tzu   was a Chinese writer.
When people say the Western world, they mean Europe, the Americas as a whole and Australia and New Zealand.
A mouse  is a rodent, which is a kind of mammal.
Advance Wars is a video game for the Game Boy Advance.
The Solomon Islands are a group of islands in the South Pacific.
The intestines of an animal are used to transport food and bile to the rectum.
A chemical equation is a way to predict the way that two or more chemicals will work together.
Subtropical parts of the world are those with mild climates, in between tropical and temperate climates.
Lucifer is another name for "Satan".
Astrobiology is the study of life in outer space.
A castle is a very large stone building built for defence.
Wikimedia Commons is a project of the Wikimedia Foundation, based on a wiki.
The Republic of Bulgaria is a country in South-Eastern Europe.
The Alps  are a large mountain range in Europe.
Rwanda is a country in Africa, located near Burundi, Congo-Kinshasa, Uganda, and Tanzania.
Lake Ontario is the smallest of the Great Lakes in North America.
Lake Superior is a lake in Canada and the United States.
"SS Edmund Fitzgerald" was a freight ship on Lake Superior, carrying iron ore, which suddenly sank on November 10, 1975 at around 7:30 PM.
Gordon Meredith Lightfoot  is a Canadian singer and songwriter.
A chameleon is a reptile.
An interjection is a spoken or written expression of emotion like "Wow!" for surprise, "Ouch!" for pain, or "Argh!" for frustration.
Millard Fillmore  was the 13th President of the United States.
John Tyler was the 10th President of the United States of America, from 1841 to 1845.
Peter Davison  is an English actor.
A ballerina is a name given to a female ballet dancer.
Buffalo is a city in the U.S.
Hertford is the county town of Hertfordshire, England.
Jackie Chan   is an actor, director, stuntman and singer from Hong Kong.
Ronald Bilius "Ron" Weasley is a character from the "Harry Potter" stories.
Hermione Granger is a character from the "Harry Potter" series.
In North America, a milk shake  is a cold drink usually made with milk, ice cream, and sweet syrups, such as chocolate syrup, mixed in an blender.
Bollington is a village in Cheshire.
Kentucky Fried Chicken or KFC is a chain of fast food restaurants known for their fried chicken.
The cytoplasm is a semi-liquid goo that contains a eukaryotic cell's organelles.
A sultan Salah al-Din Yusuf ibn Ayyub 1138–1193) was a famous kurdish Sultan during the Crusades.
Aphex Twin  is an Irish-born English musician.
Niagara Falls is the group name of three big waterfalls on the Niagara River in eastern North America, on the border between the United States and Canada.
Custard is kind of food prepared with milk and eggs.
Huckleberry is a name used in North America for several plants in two closely related genera in the family "Ericaceae": "Gaylussacia" and "Vaccinium".
A cheesecake is a dessert made of cream cheese, milk, eggs, and flour and usually has a graham cracker crumb base.
Rhubarb is a kind of plant.
Monkeys are a kind of primate.
Civilization, or civilisation comes from the Latin word "civis", meaning someone who lives in a town.
In Buddhism, enlightenment is when a Buddhist discovers the truth about life.
Mail is part of the postal system.
The Righteous Brothers were a pop group consisting of two men named Bill Medley and Bobby Hatfield.
Gene Francis Alan Pitney  was a famous American pop singer and songwriter.
Federal Bureau of Investigation or FBI is United States's national police.
1596 was a year in the 16th century.
"Nothofagus" is a kind of plant, also called southern beech.
Ancient Greek was the language spoken by the people of Ancient Greece from the 9th to 4th century B.C.
Autobahn (engl.
Arnold Franz Walter Schoenberg  was an Austrian born composer.
The Slovak Crown or Slovak Koruna  has been the currency used in Slovakia since February 8, 1993.
Ever since that war took place, there have been rivalries between the two sides in sporting events, especially rugby and cricket.
Anglicanism is a branch or denomination of Christianity.
"Full Metal Jacket" is a 1987 movie directed by Stanley Kubrick, based on the Gustav Hasford book "The Short-Timers".
Cambridgeshire is a county in England.
The English Channel is a body of water that separates the island of Great Britain from the rest of Europe.
Upminster is a place in the east London Borough of Havering, England.
Colin Baker  is an English actor.
Boxing is considered to be the world's oldest combat sport.
Tux Racer is a video game made by Sunspire Studios where the player moves Tux, the Linux Penguin.
The Northwest Territories is a territory in northern Canada.
The word straight means something that goes in one direction without turns, bends, or curves.
The SS Richard Montgomery was an American ship built during World War II.
Hymn and Pontifical March  is the national anthem of the Vatican City.
The Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands is a group of islands in the Pacific Ocean that are a political division controlled by the United States.
Benjamin Harrison  was the 23rd President of the United States .
Pablo Ruiz Picasso  was a Spanish painter and sculptor.
Wake Island is an atoll  in the Pacific Ocean, near Hawaii.
William McKinley  was the 25th President of the United States, from 1897 until his assassination in 1901.
A record producer  is a person who takes charge of a recording session, in the same kind of way that a movie director is in charge of filming movies.
Gliwice is a city in south Poland, in Silesia and along the Kłodnica River.
First aid is basic knowledge about injuries .
Wausau is a city in Marathon County in the U.S.
Centuries: 7th century - 8th century - 9th century Decades: 650s 660s 670s 680s 690s - 700s - 710s 720s 730s 740s 750s Years: 696 697 698 699 700 - 701 - 702 703 704 705 706 .
1201 is a year in the 13th century.
35 is a year in the 1st century.
Mikhail Alexandrovich Bakunin  was a famous Russian anarchist.
Internet Relay Chat  is a chat system on the Internet.
This is a list of the political divisions of the United States.
Spring is the season after winter and before summer.
1801 was the first year of the 19th century.
The Muses are goddesses representing different arts and sciences in Greek mythology.
Yes is a progressive rock group who formed in Birmingham, England in 1968.
Mason Williams  is an easy listening guitarist.
In botany, a leaf is an above-ground plant organ.
The War on Terrorism or War on Terror is a campaign that the United States and some of its allies started to remove terrorist groups and to end states that sponsor terrorism.
Alkali metals are the chemical elements in group one of the periodic system.
Buenaventura Durruti Dumange  was a Spanish anarchist leader.
Chester is a city in the north-west of England.
"The Secret of NIMH" is an animated movie from director Don Bluth's studio, released in 1982 by United Artists.
Centuries: 3rd century - 4th century - 5th century Decades: 340s 350s 360s 370s 380s - 390s - 400s 410s 420s 430s 440s Years: 392 393 394 395 396 - 397 - 398 399 400 401 402 .
Nonmetal or non-metal means there is no metal traces or any at all in the substance or chemical element.
Holly Marie Combs  is an American actress most well known for working on the television series "Charmed".
The Bengal tiger  is a kind of tiger.
Taekwondo  is a martial art  of Korean origin, similar enough to the Japanese karate.
Fish and chips is a fried meal that many British people eat.
Marxist economics, created by philosopher Karl Marx in order to explain the "rules of motion" of production and exchange under capitalism, is the application of his ideas to the sphere of economics.
The rand is the South African currency.
"The Care Bears Movie" is an animated movie that came out on March 29, 1985.
Centuries: 3rd century - 4th century - 5th century Decades: 310s 320s 330s 340s 350s - 360s - 370s 380s 390s 400s 410s Years: 361 362 363 364 365 - 366 - 367 368 369 370 371 .
1205 is a year in the 13th century.
Victoria, also known as VIC or Vic, is a state in Australia.
In mathematics and physics, Chaos Theory is the knowledge of systems that look like they are random, but actually follow certain rules.
First World is a term used in politics and economics to refer to the wealthier and better developed nations.
"Mulan" is a 1998 animated movie from Walt Disney Pictures, set in old-time China and based on local legend.
Baltimore is the biggest city in the U.S.
Chantilly, Virginia is a community in Fairfax County, Virginia.
Corpus Christi, Texas is a city in the United States.
Panama Canal is a waterway in the country of Panama , that connects the Atlantic Ocean and the Pacific Ocean.
Suriname, or Surinam, Dutch Guiana, Dutch Guyana or Sranang is a country in South America.
Aarre Merikanto  was a Finnish composer.
A chieftain is the leader of a tribe of people.
A tribe is a small group of people who live and work together.
Satan, in the Christian religion, is a former angel that left God and took many other angels with him.
Hiking is a general word for travelling on foot in the mountains or the countryside.
Saint Petersburg  is a Russian city in northwestern Russia on the Gulf of Finland of the Baltic Sea.
Kiwifruit  is a fruit.
The Aardvark  is a mammal from Africa.
Rutherford B.
The vinyl record  was a way to record music  that was used during most of the twentieth century.
An eyebrow is the stripe of hair about 2 cm over the eye.
Halifax Regional Municipality is the capital city of the province of Nova Scotia, in the country of Canada.
A solstice is when the Earth is the most tilted.
A theist is a person who believes in gods or in just one god.
Secular humanists believe that each human being is worth something and has dignity.
Quebec City is the capital of the Canadian province of Quebec.
Vancouver Island is in the province of British Columbia in Canada.
First Nations are the native tribes who lived in Canada before Europeans came there.
New Brunswick is a province in Atlantic  Canada.
AC/DC is a hard rock band from Australia.
The double bass is a large stringed instrument used in orchestras, jazz bands, rockabilly bands, bluegrass music, and some country music bands.
The Allied Powers  were a group of nations that fought against the Axis countries, Nazi Germany, Fascist Italy, and Japan, in World War II.
The B-36 Peacemaker was a strategic bomber.
A wing is the part of an animal or airplanes that allows it to fly.
A disability is an aspect of a person that limits them in some way.
Newfoundland is an island off the East Coast of Canada, and is part of the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
Kiss is an American hard rock/heavy metal band.
The Visioner's Tale is one of the little-known writings of Geoffrey Chaucer.
Geoffrey Chaucer (c.
An Echidna also called "spiny anteaters", is a monotreme that lives in Australia and in New Zealand.
The 2002 Bali terrorist bombings took place in Kuta on the Indonesian island of Bali.
The Boeing 17 Flying Fortress was a heavy bomber, that was used by the United States Eighth Air Force during World War II.
Midway Atoll was the site of a famous battle in World War II, the Battle of Midway.
Beşiktaş Jimnastik Kulübü  is a Turkish football club from Istanbul.
Phosphorus has the chemical symbol P, and its atomic number is 15.
Franklin Pierce  was the 14th President of the United States.
The Ottoman Empire was an empire that lasted from 1299 to 1922.
Strategic bombing is a military strategy used to destroy the enemies' economic ability to fight a war.
Edsel was a make of car and a new car making division introduced by the Ford Motor Company on September 4, 1957.
1000  is a common year of the Gregorian calendar.
Chino Hills is a city in Southern California, United States, in the bottom-left most corner of San Bernardino County.
To learn is to find and keep information in your brain.
Acrocorinth is the acropolis of the Greek city Corinth.
Neutrons Make up an atom along with Protons And Electrons.
LiveJournal  is a website on which Internet users can keep a blog.
RNA is an acronym for ribonucleic acid, a nucleic acid.
Figure skating is both an art and a sport, in which people skate around on ice, doing jumps and spins.
In the Bible, Gabriel is one of the angels.
A post office is a place that is made available by the postal system to post, receive, sort, handle, and to move or deliver mail.
The Lahn is a river in Hesse, Germany with a length of 248 km .
Rottweilers are large muscular dogs.
Morna Anne Murrary  is a Canadian Pop and Country musician.
"Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets" by J.
A personal computer  is a small computer made more common by a system developed by a company called IBM; there are also Macintosh computers, by a company called Apple Inc.
MS-DOS is a computer operating system by Microsoft Corporation.
A search service helps a computer user find information by looking through web pages for the text the user wants to find; the software that does this is known as a search engine.
A disk operating system will load from a floppy disk each time a computer starts, and will access that disk for software to complete operations.
An Internet service provider, or ISPs, usually for a monthly subscription fee, will allow a user to connect to the Internet.
The National Women's Hockey League  is an ice hockey league in Canada that was formed in 1999.
The Western Women's Hockey League  is an ice hockey league in North America.
The Yukon Territory is part of Canada, north of British Columbia, west of the Northwest Territories, and east of the American state of Alaska.
The District of Saanich is a region of Greater Victoria, British Columbia.
Emily Carr  was a Canadian artist and writer.
Hatikvah  is the national anthem of Israel.
Virology is the study of viruses such as the cold virus.
The Stanley Cup is a trophy given to the champions of the National Hockey League  every year.
Militarization is the general movement of a country to focus its production on war.
The Tour de France, or Tour of France, is a well known bicycle race.
Joseph Smith, Jr.
Anastasia or Anastacia is a woman's name that comes from the Koine Greek.
In music, a band is a group of people  that gets together to sing songs, or perform music.
About 86 per cent of Nicaraguan are European  or mixed European and of native ancestry.
Lou Christie  is an American singer.
Carlo Azeglio Ciampi was born in 1920 in Livorno, Italy.
Barry Sadler  was an American soldier, songwriter and author.
Nancy Sinatra is an American singer.
The Rascals  were an Anerican pop-soul group popular in the 1960s.
Mamas and Papas were a popular pop music singing group in the 1960s.
Percy Sledge is an American R&B singer.
Tommy Roe  was a popular singer in the 1960s.
The Box Tops were a 1960s pop music group, from Memphis, Tennessee.
James Knox Polk  was the eleventh President of the United States, his term was from March 4, 1845 to March 3, 1849.
Albert Arnold "Al" Gore, Jr.
"Pumpkinhead II: Blood Wings" is a 1994 movie about a young boy named Tommy, a misfit and deformed teenager who had no friends.
"THX 1138" is a 1971 movie and was the first feature film directed by George Lucas and excutive produced by Francis Ford Coppola and Coppola's production company American Zoetrope.
Bats are mammals in the order Chiroptera'".
Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra  was a Spanish writer.
The Game Boys are a group of handheld video game consoles made by Nintendo.
Pope Paul VI, born Giovanni Battista Enrico Antonio Maria Montini, was the Pope of the Roman Catholic Church from 1963 until his death in 1978.
The Macao Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China  is one of the two Special Administrative Regions in China.
Taipei City , known by most people simply as Taiwan.
Robert  Chiarelli is the current mayor of Ottawa, Canada.
A skeleton is the hard structure that supports the body of a living thing.
The GP2X is a handheld gaming console.
A community is a group of living things sharing the same environment.
Upton Beall Sinclair  was a writer of many works from the United States.
Gizmondo is a handheld video game system.
The ATS is used for governing the continent.
Kansas City is the biggest city in the U.S.
Cascading Style Sheets, or CSS, are a means to style HTML and XHTML web pages, like you are seeing now.
The word Allah  is the Arabic term for God, or in other words, the Arabic God.
Proton decay is a theory where some physicists believe that radioactive decay could also be that a proton decays into two particles smaller than an atom, a pion and a positron.
The 99 Names of God  also known as The 99 attributes of Allah, according to Islamic tradition, are the names of God revealed to man in the Qur'an.
A single player game, when talking about computer games or video games, usually means a game that is played by one player.
The fallopian tubes  connect the ovaries to the uterus, and let the ovum pass into the uterus where they are able to be fertilized by sperm during sexual intercourse.
1818 is a common year in the Gregorian calendar.
Carmen Miranda  was a Portuguese born Brazilian singer and actress.
"Magnum, P.I." was a television show starring Tom Selleck.
"Twin Peaks" was a TV series which ran from 1990 to 1991.
McDonald's is a chain of fast food restaurants found all over the world.
English people are people who are from or live in England.
"To Kill a Mockingbird" is a novel written by Harper Lee set during the Great Depression of the 1930s.
Abigail and Brittany Hensel  are conjoined twins with mostly one body and two heads.
Centuries: 2nd century BC - 1st century BC - 1st century Decades: 100s BC 90s BC 80s BC 70s BC 60s BC - 50s BC - 40s BC 30s BC 20s BC 10s BC 0s Years: 57 BC 56 BC 55 BC 54 BC 53 BC - 52 BC - 51 BC 50 BC 49 BC 48 BC 47 BC .
Cape Town is the legislative capital of South Africa.
In the Netherlands, there is a situation where the use of Soft drugs is tolerated.
Tehran  , is the capital of Iran and the center of Tehran Province.
Philadelphia is a large city in the U.S.
The Clash were a English punk band.
Red Hot Chili Peppers are an American alternative/funk rock band.
Oasis is a English rock band.
Rush is a Canadian rock band.
Roy Hodgson is an English football manager.
The Guinness Book of World Records is a book published annually detailing the remarkable things of that people attempt, plus many other types of records.
Mime is a type of acting that does not use words or speech.
A kangaroo is an animal.
Harriet Tubman  was an American slave.
A driver is a program that lets the operating system communicate with the computer hardware.
A CPU  is an important part of every computer.
The Running of the Bulls  is an activity that involves running in front of bulls on a course of a sectioned-off area of a town's streets.
Red shift is a way astronomers use to tell the distance of any object that is very far away in the Universe.
Spectral lines are how scientists tell one element from another by looking at color.
Godzilla is a giant dinosaur-like fictional monster who first appeared in movies from Japan, starting in 1954.
Centuries: 10th century - 11th century - 12th century Decades: 1040s 1050s 1060s 1070s 1080s - 1090s - 1100s 1120s 1130s 1140s 1150s Years: 1090 1091 1092 1093 1094 1095 1096 1097 1098 1099 .
1207 is a year in the 13th century.
The Pentagon is a large building in Arlington, Virginia , that is the headquarters of the United States Department of Defense.
The Beach Boys are a pop/surf rock group from Hawthorne, California.
A Modem is a piece of computer hardware.
3DO is the name of the video game consoles made by the 3DO company.
The APF-M1000 was a video game console made by APF in 1978.
Windsor is a city in southern Ontario, Canada, which is across the Detroit River from the U.S.
QWERTY refers to a certain typewriter or computer keyboard layout that is commonly used in some English-speaking countries.
A list is a part of a text, which has many words separated by commas  or a group of words going down the page that may use bullet points or numbers.
Antimatter is stuff within the universe that is the equal and opposite of matter.
Minsk or Miensk , Менск; Минск; Mińsk) is the capital and a major city of Belarus.
Centuries: 13th century - 14th century - 15th century Decades: 1260s 1270s 1280s 1290s 1300s - 1310s - 1320s 1330s 1340s 1350s 1360s Years: 1310 1311 1312 1313 1315 1316 1317 1318 1319 1320 .
The Chancellor of Germany  is the leader of the government of the Federal Republic of Germany.
Filipino Americans are people with Filipino ethnicity that are born in the United States.
Mysore is a city in Karnataka, India.
Kannada  is a language.
The Arab League is an organization made up of countries in Northern Africa and Southwest Asia.
Jon Voight  is a famous American actor.
Trousers  or pants  are clothing that one wears on the legs, like jeans or formal pants, which generally cover the whole leg .
Eugene Joseph "Gene" McCarthy  was a United States senator from Minnesota.
Arnold Schwarzenegger  is an actor and currently the governor of the American state of California.
The Holy Spirit is a part of what is known as the Holy Trinity in the Christian belief.
The Internet Protocol is a set of rules for processing packets of information sent between computers on the Internet.
Akihito  is the Emperor of Japan.
The Aero Space Museum is an airplane museum in Calgary in Canada.
The Canadian Museum of Flight is an aircraft museum at the Langley Airport in Langley, British Columbia, Canada.
The Olympic Flight Museum is an aircraft museum at the Olympia Airport in Olympia, Washington, USA.
The Pearson Air Museum is an airplane museum at Pearson Field Airport in Vancouver, Washington, USA.
Newfoundland and Labrador is a small province on the East Coast of Canada, and is the farthest east of all Canadian provinces and territories.
Greenfinch is a kind of small bird.
St.
A nest is place animals build to hold their eggs and/or provide a place to raise their babies.
An egg is what surrounds the zygote of some animals that do not birth living babies.
The Javan tiger  is 1 of 3 extinct types of tigers.
Abacus is a very old tool used for arithmetic.
An accordion is a musical instrument that has keys similar to a piano, but is small enough for a person to hold, and makes sounds using air pushed and pulled through reeds using a bellows.
Georg or Georgius Agricola  was a German scholar and scientist.
The Amiga CD32 was a game console made by Commodore.
The GX4000 was a console made by Amstrad in 1990.
ApeXtreme is a console created by Apex Digital Inc.
A moral is the right thing to do.
New Year's Day is a holiday in many countries, created to welcome the New Year.
Wlazł kotek na płotek  is a popular Polish children's song.
Alopecia is a condition which is found in humans, as well as in some animals.
Asthma bronchiale  is a common disease that makes it hard for people to breathe at times.
Bulbasaur is a Grass-type Pokémon, and is strong against Water, Ground, and Rock Pokémon.
Bochum is a city in the Ruhr area of the state of North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany.
Progressive rock is an ambitous and unique style of rock music.
San Juan is the capital city of Puerto Rico.
Kashmir , also known as Cashmere, is a region in Central Asia.
Rural describes or relates to a farming or agricultural area.
Stephen Crane  was an American author in the late 19th century.
The Lawrence's Goldfinch, "Carduelis lawrencei", is a small songbird of North America.
George Newbold Lawrence  was an American businessperson and amateur ornithologist .
Commonly associated with Christmas, Santa Claus is mostly shown as a fat and happy man wearing a red suit with white trim.
Cinnamon ("Cinnamomum verum", synonym "C.
Science fiction  is a genre of fiction  that has descriptions of the future, often involving stories about imaginary  new technologies and inventions such as space ships, rockets, and robots.
Blaise Pascal  was a French mathematician whose mother died when he was 3 years old.
1 5 10 10 5 1 The first six rows of Pascal's triangle Pascal's Triangle is a mathematical triangle.
Antidisestablishmentarianism is one of the longest words in the English language.
Sarah McLachlan  is a Canadian singer and songwriter who is known for her beautiful, emotional music.
Mark Twain is the pen name of Samuel Langhorne Clemens , a well known and well liked American writer born in Florida, Missouri.
"Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban" is the third book in the "Harry Potter" series by J.
"Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" is the fourth book in the "Harry Potter" series by J.
Crohn's disease, Crohn disease, or Leśniowski-Crohn disease is an illness that causes the intestines, or other parts of the digestive tract , to become swollen, and sometimes develop ulcers .
Pet doors, also known as cat doors, dog doors, doggie doors, or in the United Kingdom, cat flaps, are small doors for pets.
Mount Rainier is a mountain 54 miles  southeast of Seattle, Washington, in the United States.
Fort Knox is an U.S.
Charge density and the electric field.
Henry Knox  was a military leader for the Americans during the American Revolutionary War.
The American Revolutionary War was a war fought between Great Britain and the 13 British colonies in North America.
The Continental Army was the fighting force of the thirteen British colonies in the American Revolutionary War.
Cream cheese is a soft, mild-tasting, white cheese.
Shrewsbury is a town in Shropshire, a county of England.
Telford is a town in Shropshire, a county of England.
Ludlow is a town in Shropshire, a county of England.
South Shropshire is a area of Shropshire in England.
The Battle of Yorktown was the last important battle of the American Revolution.
The Battle of Saratoga was an important battle in the American Revolution.
Horation Gates  was an American general in the American Revolutionary War.
The Heinrich-Heine-University is the university of Düsseldorf, Germany, named after the most famous son of Düsseldorf, the poet Heinrich Heine.
1239 is a year in the 13th century .
The Siberian Tiger , also known as the Amur Tiger, Manchurian, or North China Tiger, is a subspecies of the tiger, of the "Felidae" family.
A cassette is a small box which is made for putting inside a bigger machine.
An audio cassette is a kind of cassette which can store music and sounds.
"Fight Club" is a 1996 book written by Chuck Palahniuk.
Top of the Pops was a British music show, which featured popular artists performing their songs.
The Republic of Trinidad and Tobago is a nation in the south Caribbean Sea.
Mount St.
The Oder-Neisse line  is the border between Germany and Poland since the end of the Second World War.
Jimmy "Jimbo" Donal Wales  is the co-founder and current president of Wikimedia Foundation.
Exeter is a city in England.
The United States Congress is the legislative, or law making branch of the United States government.
Lord Charles Cornwallis  was a British general and colonial governor.
The Battle of Princeton was a battle during the American Revolution.
A fork is a tool for eating.
Backgammon is a game played by two players.
A cell wall is the wall of a plant cell.
Lima is the capital city , and is considered the most important city of Peru.
A theory is an idea that someone has created to explain something.
A janitor is someone who cleans up stuff.
Bovinae is a subfamily of the even-toed ungulate family Bovidae.
Mongolia is a country between China and Russia, in Asia.
A fourier transformation is a method used to solve differential equations.
"The Divine Comedy" is an epic poem  written by Dante Alighieri.
An artist is a person who creates art.
Jacksonville is a city in northeast Florida, USA.
Christian Johann Heinrich Heine  was one of the most significant German poets of the 19th century.
Cabbage  is an edible plant.
The Rupee is the name of several kinds of money used in several countries: the Republic of India, Pakistan; it was also used in the erstwhile East Pakistan until 1971, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Mauritius, and the Seychelles.
The word holocaust means "complete destruction by fire".
500  is a common year of the Gregorian calendar.
Diesel oil or diesel fuel is a type of fuel for cars.
VHS means Video Home System.
Düsseldorf International Airport is an airport located eight kilometres from Düsseldorf, Germany.
A sauna is a small room or building that is made hot.
Joseph Beuys   was a German artist who made arts in many forms including sculpture, performance art, video art, and installations.
The Staatliche Kunstakademie Düsseldorf is the Arts Academy of the city of Düsseldorf.
A poet is someone who writes poetry.
The Ruhr-Universität Bochum is one of the biggest universities in Germany.
Aachen is a German city in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Marburg is a city in Hesse, Germany, on the Lahn river.
Akron is a large city in the U.S.
The Philipps-University Marburg is the oldest protestant university of the world, and was founded by Martin Luther's friend Philipp of Hesse in the time of the reformation.
Youngstown is a city in Mahoning County, Ohio, United States.
Dortmund is a German city in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
The Netherlands Antilles are a group of islands in the Caribbean Sea.
Alfred Nobel  was a Swedish scientist.
An algorithm is a step by step list of directions that need to be followed to solve a problem.
A pharmacy is a shop where therapeutic drugs are sold.
People kiss each other by touching each other's lips and their mouth.
A brothel is a bar, nightclub or hotel where prostitutes work.
The latitude of the Earth give the distance north and south of the equator.
Jaleel White  is an American actor.
A chemical substance is any material with a definite chemical composition.
The South-Chinese tiger  is an almost extinct subspecies of the Tiger.
Windows XP is a version of the Windows operating system made by Microsoft.
CROTRAM is a group of Croatian companies that make trams.
Saint Kitts and Nevis is a nation made up of two small islands in the Caribbean Sea.
Danish is the Germanic language spoken in Denmark, the Faroe Islands, and parts of Greenland and Germany .
Niger is a country in western Africa.
Zealand is an island of Denmark.
The Sultanate of Brunei is a country in South-East Asia.
Taka is the name of the currency of Bangladesh.
Bogota is the capital  of Colombia.
The Aymara are members of a tribe of Native Americans that live in Bolivia and Peru.
The perihelion is the point in the orbit of a planet, asteroid or comet where it is nearest to the sun.
Johnston Atoll is an island in the Pacific Ocean.
A Llama  is a mammal of the "Camelidae" family.
Garbage is what someone leaves behind that they do not want to use anymore.
The Mexican-American War took place between 1846 and 1848 between the United States of America and Mexico.
The European Revolutions of 1848 were a series of revolts in Europe.
Edvard Grieg  was a Norwegian composer and pianist who composed in the Romantic period.
Palmyra Atoll is an island in the North Pacific Ocean.
Kingman Reef is a coral reef in the North Pacific Ocean, owned by the United States.
Jarvis Island is an island owned by the United States.
Robert E.
Isaiah is a prophet of God, who prophesied from about 740-681 B.C.
Leopold Poetsch was a German professor and a high school teacher of Adolf Hitler who influenced the future leader's later views.
The Armenian Genocide was the forcible deportation and massacring of Armenians during the government of the Young Turks from 1915 to 1917 in the Ottoman Empire.
The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom is the highest elected office in the United Kingdom.
The River Forth is a river in Scotland.
Alejandro Toledo is the current president of Peru.
Inuktitut is a language of the Arctic, spoken by Inuits in Canada and in Greenland.
Fall Out Boy  is a popular band from Chicago, Illinois, USA.
The Greek alphabet is thought to be where all important European alphabets came from.
Good Charlotte is an American rock-punk music band.
Battle Creek is a city in western Michigan, USA.
Grand Rapids is a large city in western Michigan, United States.
Juan Evo Morales Aima  is the President of Bolivia.
Lake Titicaca is located between Peru and Bolivia.
Howland Island is a small island in the north Pacific Ocean, just above the Equator.
The 2005 Atlantic hurricane season was the time from June 1 to November 30, 2005 when hurricanes officially formed in the Atlantic Ocean.
A Christian calendar can be any calendar used by various Christian Churches for the Church year, called "liturgical year".
Puberty is the name for a process that turns children into adult humans.
The Bali tiger, or Balinese tiger  is one of the three extinct sub-species of the tiger.
479 BC is a year in the 5th century BC.
1202 is a year in the 13th century.
Sitting Bull , real name Tatanka Yotanka, was the chief of a Native American tribe called Hunkpapa-Lakota-Sioux.
Michelle Kwan  is an American figure skater.
Frank Jack Fletcher  was an Admiral in the United States Navy.
Irina Slutskaya  , is a Russian figure skater.
Lu Chen   is a Chinese figure skater.
Oksana Baiul  is a Ukrainian figure skater.
A hobo is slang term for a poor homeless person who travels to different cities and towns to look for work.
Wicca is a religion.
The Indo-Chinese tiger  was after the Bengal tiger the subspecies of the Tiger with the most animals, between 1200 and 1800.
An office is a room where people work.
A phenomenon (Greek: ", pl.
Konstantin Ustinovich Chernenko  was the leader of the Soviet Union for a very short time.
A Shetland Sheepdog is a kind of small dog whose ancestors came from the Shetland Islands.
A belief is a firm thought that something is true.
A German Shepherd Dog is a breed of dog that was first bred in Germany.
The Church of the SubGenius is a religion founded by the J.R.
Terry Bradshaw was an American athlete and sports presenter.
The squid is an invertebrate animal that lives in the ocean.
The giant squid is the biggest kind of squid in the world.
The word googol was first used by Milton Sirotta, nephew of U.S.
The National Football League  is an American football league.
The Super Bowl is a special football game played every year at the end of the NFL season.
"We Will Rock You" is a song by Queen.
Lagos is the largest city in Nigeria in West Africa with more than 10 million people.
An infinitive is a special type of a verb.
A real number ℝ is a rational or irrational number.
Elvis Stojko  is a Canadian figure skater.
An album is a collection of sound recordings.
The Nobel Prize in Chemistry is awarded by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
Baker Island is a small coral island, or atoll, in the North Pacific Ocean.
In Biology, an organism that can produce both sperm and ova at the same time is called "Hermaphrodite".
The epididymis is the part of the human male reproductive system.
Mammary glands are the part of the female body designed for the making milk for baby mammals to drink.
Kurt Browning  is a Canadian figure skater.
Airbus SAS is a aircraft manufacturer based in Toulouse, France.
Rapid City is the second-largest city in the U.S.
The Year without a Summer was 1816.
A capitol building  is a building in a capital city.
Jersey City is a city in the U.S.
San Jose is a city in Santa Clara County, California in the United States.
Venus, Texas is a town in the United States.
Evergreen, Colorado is a community in the United States, about 30 miles from Denver, Colorado.
Queens is a borough of New York City and a county of New York State.
Toller Cranston  is a Canadian figure skater.
The Montreal Canadiens are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League .
Tyresta National Park is a small national park in Sweden.
St.
Newport is a city in the southeast of Wales, Great Britain.
Monmouthshire  is a county in the south-east of Wales.
A death grunt is when a singer uses a scream which is very low and deep.
A clique is a small group of people who like the same things.
A goth is a person who listens to gothic rock music.
Cigarettes can be any dried leaf rolled in thin paper to smoke, but the term is most often used to refer to the ones with dried tobacco leaves.
Gdańsk is a city locate in the north of Poland, near the place where the Vistula river meets the Baltic Sea.
Montserrat is a Caribbean island.
Malawi  is a country in south-east Africa.
Electromagnetic waves are waves that travel at the speed of light.
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is an island nation in the Caribbean Sea.
Adolph Frederick Rupp  was one of the most successful college basketball coaches in history.
The Miami Dolphins is an American football club in the National Football League team based in Miami, Florida, USA.
Oksana  Grishuk  and Evgeny Platov  were a Russian ice dancing couple, who won two Olympic gold medals and four world championships.
"Tetris" is a video game where the goal is to drop blocks, called tetriminoes, down into a playing field to make lines.
The Republic of Moldova is a country in Eastern Europe.
Polish  is the official language of Poland.
Kryptos is the name of a sculpture  in Washington, D.C., USA.
Lech Walesa   was a Polish shipyard worker and a politician who used to be the leader of Solidarity and the President of Poland, he won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1983.
These are some Dutch football  teams.
General Charles-André-Joseph-Marie de Gaulle  was a French military and political leader.
The Sumatran tiger  is a subspecies of the Tiger that has only 500 individuals.
The American Film Institute  is an independent, organization that is designed not to make money created by the National Endowment for the Arts, which was started in 1967 when President Lyndon B.
A fullback or full back is the name of a defensive position in a football  game.
Antonio Meucci  is an Italian born American inventor.
"8 Mile" is a controversial film starring rap star Eminem from 2002.
An African-American generally refers to a person who lives in America and speaks English, but whose ancestors were from Africa.
Saloth Sar   was the Maoist-extremist leader of Cambodia/Kampuchea between 1975 and 1979.
An urban area is an area where many people live and work close together, usually in a city.
In American English, a sedan is a car with a roof and four doors .
A convertible is a car with a roof that can be removed or folded down.
Macy Gray  is an American singer and actress.
"Citizen Kane" is a movie from 1941, starring the famous Orson Welles in his first full-length movie.
The Nobel Prize in Physics is a Nobel Prize in the science of Physics.
Dynamite is an explosive invented by Alfred Nobel.
"Oliver & Company" is an animated movie, released in the United States by Walt Disney Pictures and Buena Vista Pictures on November 18, 1988.
Vincent Thomas Lombardi  was an American football coach that never had a losing season.
Guano is the excrement  of bats and birds.
Mircea Popa is a Romanian author who wrote the book "Reîntoarcerea la Ithaca.
The triple point of water or any substance is the combination of temperature and pressure at which it exists in its solid, liquid, and gaseous state all at once, in equilibrium.
Frequency is cycles per second.
A hockey stick is a long, wooden pole used to push, pass, or shoot in the sports of ice hockey and field hockey.
Snoop Dogg is a rapper  and actor.
The Malayan tiger  is a new subspecies of the tiger that was discovered in 2004.
The Caspian tiger  is an extinct subspecies of the tiger.
A string instrument is a musical instrument that makes sound by vibrating its strings.
"Yankee Doodle Dandy" is a 1942 biographical musical movie.
"Guess Who's Coming to Dinner" is a 1967 comedy-drama film starring Spencer Tracy, Katharine Hepburn, Sidney Poitier, and Katharine Houghton.
"Bringing Up Baby" is a 1938 comedy movie starring Cary Grant and Katharine Hepburn.
"The Searchers" is a 1956 epic western movie, directed by John Ford and starring John Wayne, about a man looking for his niece who was taken by Native Americans.
"Goodfellas" is a popular 1990 movie directed by Martin Scorsese about life in the Mafia.
A soldier is someone who is a part of an army.
The Yellowstone River is a river in the northwestern part of the United States.
A toy is something to play with.
A Unicorn is an animal from fiction.
Radium is a chemical element on the periodic table.
Dhaka is the capital city of Bangladesh, previously known as Dacca upon till 1982.
Darwin is the territorial capital of the Northern Territory in Australia.
The Northern Territory is a territory of Australia.
The Whiskey Rebellion was an event in the history of the United States.
Saginaw is a city in mid-Michigan, USA, with about 70,000 people in the city as of the 2000 census.
Tom Cruise  is an American actor.
A magazine is a type of book people read.
A zombie or zombi is a dead person who has returned to life as a walking corpse .
In common use, an orgy is when more than two people have sex together, sometimes also called group sex.
A Labradoodle is a mixed-breed dog, created by breeding a Labrador Retriever with a Poodle.
Heilongjiang is the northeastern-most province in China.
Jilin is one of 3 provinces in the far northeastern part of China.
Liaoning is a northeastern province of the People's Republic of China.
A basin can be any thing or place that water or other things are held in by gravity.
A blade is the flat, sharp part of a tool or weapon used to cut or stab, such as a knife or sword.
A key is an object used to open and close things, for example, doors.
The rat is a small mammal.
Branch is the part of a tree from which leaves grow.
A spoon is a tool for eating.
Cutlery are tools used for preparing, serving and eating food.
A vase is a container, often used for flowers.
The Republic of Yemen or Yemen is a nation in the Middle East, composed of former North Yemen and South Yemen, in the south of the Arabian Peninsula.
The sensory system controls the senses.
Nikola Tesla (July 10, 1856 – c.
"Inspector Gadget" is a syndicated television cartoon that ran from 1983 to 1986.
Syndicated means television program being shown on a different television network than the one that first showed the program.
A cartoon is a drawing.
A square root of a number is the number that is multiplied by itself and gives the first number.
A negative number is a number that indicates an opposite.
A piece of hail  is a lump of ice that falls out of a storm cloud.
The Academy Awards, commonly known as the Oscars, are the best-known movie awards in the United States.
A brake is a device for slowing or stopping a moving machine part.
A bucket is a container with a wide open top and a handle that is mainly used for carrying liquids.
A lightbulb  is a device that produces light from electricity when it is turned on.
The Grammy Awards , are awards given yearly by the Recording Academy  for outstanding work in the music and spoken recording industry.
The Emmy Awards are United States television production awards which are given out each year.
Margaret "Maggie" Simpson is a fictional character shown in the animated television series "The Simpsons".
Marjorie "Marge" Simpson is a character in the animated television series "The Simpsons".
A pin is an object used to attach something to a surface.
A dining room is a room used for eating and is usually near to a the kitchen to make serving food easier.
A crown is a type of headdress worn by a monarch.
Walter Richard Rudolf Hess   was a High Ranking Nazi leader, and one of Adolf Hitler's closest men.
Quantum entanglement is a term used to describe how two particles act together.
Amin Maalouf is a Lebanese author.
A bulb is the part of some plants, mostly under the dirt, that stores food while the plant is resting from growing .
Gluons are what hold quarks together to make bigger particles.
Sir Humphry Davy, 1st Baronet, FRS  , was a chemist whose study of electrochemistry led to the first pure forms of some of the chemical elements such as potassium and sodium.
"Myxobolus cerebralis" is a small creature that eats the insides of fish like salmon and trout, causing whirling disease.
Aamir Khan  is a Bollywood actor.
The Bahá'í Faith is a religion started in the 1800's by Bahá'u'lláh who was born in Tehran, Iran.
Neoclassical economics is an economic theory that argues for markets to be free.
The Nile  is a river in Africa.
A Statue is a model of somebody or something, usually of a person or sometimes an animal.
Golden Retrievers are a very popular kind of dog.
When I think of something, that which I think about is called an "idea".
A connection is when two things are put together.
Nobuo Uematsu  is a Japanese composer of video game music.
Dharma or Dhamma is part of many religions or spiritual belief systems that began in India.
Walter Max Ulyate Sisulu  was a South African freedom fighter.
This is a list of United States state capital cities.
Juneau  is the capital city of the U.S.
Phoenix is the capital city of the U.S.
Little Rock is the capital city and largest city of the U.S.
Hartford is the capital city of the U.S.
Dover is the capital city of the U.S.
Boise is the capital city of the U.S.
Springfield is the capital city of the U.S.
Indianapolis is the capital city and largest city of the U.S.
Des Moines is the capital city of U.S.
Topeka is the capital city of the U.S.
Baton Rouge is the capital city of the U.S.
Augusta is the capital city of the U.S.
Saint Paul is the capital city of the U.S.
Jackson is the capital city and largest city of the U.S.
Jefferson City is the capital city in Missouri, United States.
Helena is the capital city of the U.S.
Carson City is the capital city of the American state of Nevada.
Austin is the capital city of the U.S.
Montpelier is the capital city of the U.S.
Concord is the capital city of the U.S.
Trenton is the capital city of the U.S.
Santa Fe is the capital city of the U.S.
Albany is the capital city of the U.S.
Raleigh is the capital city of the U.S.
Bismarck is the capital city of the U.S.
Columbus is the capital city and largest city of the U.S.
Oklahoma City is the capital city of the U.S.
Witchita is the biggest city in the United States State of Kansas.
"Casablanca" is a 1942 movie set in the Moroccan city of Casablanca during World War II.
"The Godfather" is a 1972 movie directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
The Venus fly-trap is a carnivorous plant.
A prime number is a positive, whole number that is special in some ways.
An igloo  is a shelter  made from blocks of snow placed on top of each other, often in the shape of a dome .
Dust is fine, solid particles of matter.
"The Phantom of the Opera"  is a French novel by Gaston Leroux.
Fleet is a tiny town in Hampshire, United Kingdom and tends to be a dormitory town serving London and Reading.
Hentai is a Japanese word that literally means "strange appearance", but is also used to mean "perverted".
A redundant expression is a sentence with two words that mean the same thing.
Snowboarding is a sport in which a person stands on a "snowboard" and rides down a slope covered with snow.
Aquamarine is a gemstone, named for its blue-green color, which looks like some shallow seas.
TNT  is an explosive similar to dynamite .
A spore is the way fungi and some non-flowering plants, such as ferns and mosses reproduce , the same way seeds of other plants do.
Radiohead is an English rock band from near the English city called Oxford.
Ladino is a Jewish language that is close to the Spanish language.
Guns N' Roses is a popular American hard rock band.
A tsunami is a wave in the ocean caused by earthquakes or volcanic eruptions.
Lake Chaubunagungamaug, Chargoggagoggmanchauggagoggchaubunagungamaugg, or Lake Webster is a lake in the United States.
Hans Enoksen  is the Prime Minister of Greenland.
Nunarput utoqqarsuangoravit is the national anthem of Greenland.
Ben Stiller  is an American movie actor and comedian.
The Sieve of Eratosthenes is a simple test to check if a number is a prime number.
Benjamin Franklin  was one of the "Founding Fathers" of the United States, and one of the country's earliest politicians.
In Buddhism, the Noble Eightfold Path  is the path to the end of suffering.
George III  was King of Great Britain and King of Ireland from October 25, 1760 until January 1, 1801.
"Gone with the Wind" is the name of a 1936 book by Margaret Mitchell, and a famous 1939 movie of the same name from Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
AFI's 100 Years...
The Flag of Greenland was designed by Greenlander Thue Christiansen.
Kalaallisut, or in English Greenlandic, is the name given to the standard dialect and official language of Greenland.
An Anglophone is a person who speaks the English language.
A worm is an invertebrate animal with a long body and  no legs.
Wire is a long, thin and flexible piece of metal.
A whistle is a thing to make a high sound, or the act of making a similar sound with a person's breath through their lips.
A whip is a long strand of leather or other fabric with a hard handle.
Die Toten Hosen is a German punk band from Düsseldorf, Germany.
The balalaika is a musical stringed instrument.
Klezmer is a kind of music.
New South Wales is one of the states of Australia.
Hemp ("Cannabis sativa" subsp.
The lung is an organ in many vertebrates .
Kansas City may be two cities in the United States of America.
Rock music is a genre of popular music often, but not always, has electric guitar, bass guitar, drums, and singing.
Cream  is the fatty part of regular milk.
Time dilation is a physics concept related to relativity and special relativity.
The Supreme Court of the United States is the highest court in the United States of America.
Falling is movement that happens due to gravity, such as when something rolls off a table and falls down to the floor.
Autumn is the season after summer and before winter.
Holocaust denial is the belief that The Holocaust  did not happen, or happened on a smaller scale.
John Locke  was an English philosopher of the late 17th century.
La Marcha Real  is the national anthem  of Spain.
A satellite is any object that orbits another object in space.
Césarville-Dossainville is a French village, which is located in the "département" of "Loiret" and the "région" of "Centre".
La Marseillaise is the national anthem of France.
Nashville is the capital city of the U.S.
Salem  is the capital city of the state of Oregon in the United States of America, and county seat of Marion County.
Harrisburg is the capital city of Pennsylvania, one of four U.S.
Olympia is the capital city of the state of Washington, in the United States of America.
Invertebrate is a kind of animal that does not have a spinal column or "backbone".
Sugar, We’re Goin' Down is the first single from the Under The Cork Tree album, by Fall Out Boy and it was their debut.
"Lawrence of Arabia" is an epic movie from 1962, based on the life of T.
Glyphosate is a non-selective herbicide used in agriculture for the control of weeds, shrubs, and grasses.
Pudding is a popular dessert and snack.
Sigmund Freud  was an Austrian neurologist  and famous psychologist.
A snack is a kind of food.
Providence is the capital and largest city in Rhode Island, a state of the United States of America.
Columbia is the capital and largest city of the U.S.
Pierre is the capital city of South Dakota, a state of the United States of America.
Charleston is the capital city of West Virginia, a state of the United States of America.
Madison is the capital city of Wisconsin, a state in the United States of America.
Cheyenne is the capital and largest city of Wyoming, a state of the United States of America.
"Longo" redirects here.
Richard Buckminster "Bucky" Fuller  was an American philosopher, architect, and inventor.
Bill Harry is an English author, from Liverpool.
Lewis Paul Bremer III  is an American author and politician.
William Pierce Frye  was a United States politician from Maine.
A headache is when your head hurts.
A fever is when a person's body temperature is hotter than 37.5 degrees Celsius .
Peoria is a city on the Illinois River in the U.S.
A sleeping pill  is a drug that people take to help them sleep.
Epilepsy is a common chronic neurological condition that is characterised by unprovoked seizures.
A trout is a kind of fish.
Tijuana is a city in Mexico.
Tampa is a city in Florida, a state of the United States.
Diana Krall  is a Canadian jazz singer and pianist from Nanaimo, British Columbia.
The Juno Awards are awards given to Canadian musical artists and bands, similar to the United States' Grammy Awards.
Half-Life 2 is a first person shooter video game created by the company Valve.
"The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" is a horror movie released in 1974, and based on real events.
Encryption is a method which allows information to be hidden so that it cannot be read without special knowledge or tools.
Gelsenkirchen is a city in Germany in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Pseudoscience is a method, practice or area of knowledge that is mistakenly considered as scientific.
Nuclear missiles are missiles  with atomic bombs inside.
The pituitary gland is located at the base of the brain, and is an essential component of the endocrine system.
Miskolc is the third largest city of Hungary and the capital of Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén county.
The Boeing 787 Dreamliner, unveiled on July 8, 2007 , is still in the development stage of production and the first flight is scheduled for 2008.
The uterus or womb is the part of the female body in which babies grow, and spend nine months developing during pregnancy.
Satanism is a word for several religions or philosophies.
Decatur is a city in the American state of Illinois.
Elba  is third largest island of Italy, after Sardinia and Sicily.
See also: St Helens; St.
Most of north Africa is desert, which means it is very dry and does not rain very much.
Sanskrit is an ancient Indo-Aryan language, and one of the oldest languages of the Indo-European language family.
Dementia is the progressive decline in cognitive function.
Something that is elastic can be stretched or deformed  and returned to its original form, like a rubber band.
A harmonica is small musical instrument that is played with the mouth by blowing into holes in its side.
The Straits of Florida  is a strait located between the Florida Keys and Cuba.
An electron microscope is a microscope that uses electrons.
Insomnia is when people can not sleep.
The Airbus A320 is an airplane made by multi-national company Airbus that first flew in 1987.
A priest or priestess is a person who is allowed to do religious rites.
The Red Sea is a sea between Arabian peninsula of Asia in the northeast and Africa in the southwest.
The following is a list of country calling codes'".
Charles Augustus Lindbergh , known as "Lucky Lindy" and "The Lone Eagle", was a pioneering United States airplane pilot famous for making the first solo non-stop flight across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
A pilot is a person that drives a vehicle  such as an airplane, spacecraft, or boat.
Charles August Lindbergh, Sr.
The Faroe Islands or Føroyar  are a group of islands of eighteen islands, in the north Atlantic Ocean between Scotland, Norway, and Iceland.
Faroese is the Germanic language of the Faroe Islands.
Laura Ingalls Wilder  was an American writer.
Mestizo  is a Spanish term for a person who is of mixed European  and Native American ancestry.
The Royal Air Force  is the air force of the United Kingdom.
Tequila is a Latin American drink from Mexico that contains alcohol.
According to a legend, anyone who reads all 1001 stories will become mad.
A coup d'état , or just coup  for short, is the removal of a head of state from power .
Walter Elias Disney  was a famous American entertainer.
Sunday School is a kind of class found in many churches, mosques or religious communities.
The Eucharist, also called holy communion, the sacrament, or the Lord's Supper, is a kind of religious ritual in many Christian churches.
"Little House on the Prairie" is a book written by Laura Ingalls Wilder in 1935.
Piccolo Coro dell'Antoniano is italian choir of children.
Howard G.
A rope is made out of several threads.
"The X-Files" is a popular television series, created between 1993 and 2002.
A patent is a right given by a government to a person or company that has made an invention.
"The Wizard of Oz" is a 1939 movie from Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, based on L.
Gillian Leigh Anderson  is an American actress.
Debt is what someone owes to someone else.
Uranium is a chemical element  on the periodic table.
"The Graduate" is a 1967 movie based on a novel by Charles Webb, and directed by Mike Nichols.
Aquitaine is a region in the soutwest of France.
Frances Winfield is the wife of an American politician, L.
The term nightmare refers to very powerful dreams that the sleeper finds disturbing.
Melilla is a city in North Africa, right opposite Spain.
Ceuta is a city in North Africa, at the Strait of Gibraltar.
Burkina Faso is a country in West Africa.
The Battle of Waterloo was the last big battle of French emperor Napoleon Bonaparte, fought on June 18, 1815.
The Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe is a small island nation in the Gulf of Guinea.
The Republic of Equatorial Guinea is a nation in west central Africa, and one of the smallest countries in Africa.
Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo  is the President of Equatorial Guinea.
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry is a fictional boarding school in J.
The Toronto Maple Leafs are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League .
The Detroit Red Wings are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League.
Wayne Gretzky  was a Canadian ice hockey player in the National Hockey League  for 20 seasons.
The Hart Trophy is given to the most valuable player of the National Hockey League every year.
Frankfurt am Main is one of the biggest cities in Germany.
Hugh Capet   was King of France from 987 until his death in 996.
Disney Channel is a cable television network that is owned by The Walt Disney Company.
People have carefully bred dogs for thousands of years.
Milli Vanilli was a German musical group.
Geology is the study of the nonliving things that the Earth is made of.
Pisa is a city in Italy.
Cheshire is a county in England.
The Cayman Islands are a territory of the United Kingdom in the Caribbean Sea.
1210 is a year in the 13th century.
Electronic mail  is an Internet service that allows those people who have an e-mail address  to send and receive electronic letters.
1242 is a year in the 13th century .
The Dillinger Escape Plan is an American punk/metal music group.
Queensryche is an American Progressive Rock / Metal band.
Midnight Oil is a rock band.
Jon Bon Jovi  is a musician and actor.
Maxi Priest  is a English reggae singer.
"On the Waterfront" is a 1954 movie about mob violence among longshoremen .
Faith No More is an alternative rock band.
The Pretenders are an English rock and punk rock band.
"Schindler's List" is a 1993 movie set in World War II, and directed by Steven Spielberg.
Chlorofluorocarbons  are gases used in refrigerant and aerosols: a gas containing carbon,  chlorine, and fluorine, used as a refrigerant and aerosol propellant.
"Singin' in the Rain" is a 1952 movie musical starring Gene Kelly.
North and South is a novel by John Jakes.
An apparatus is an object which can be used for a certain function.
The Internet Movie Database  is an online database of information  about actors, movies, television shows, and video games.
The Chicago Blackhawks are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League .
Cape Verde is a country in Africa.
Madeira Islands is a group of islands next to the Iberian Peninsula.
Cameroon is a country in Africa.
Guinea-Bissau is a country in Africa.
Mauritius is an African island and country.
"It's a Wonderful Life" is a 1946 movie that was directed by Frank Capra, produced by his own company , and first released by RKO Radio Pictures.
Djibouti is a country in Africa.
Mauritania is a country in northwest Africa.
Lake Huron is one of North America's five Great Lakes.
Réunion  is an island and overseas département  of France, meaning France owns the island nation.
Lake Erie is one of the Great Lakes in North America.
Mali is a country in the west of Africa.
Chief Joseph   was the chief of the Nez Perce Native Americans, a tribe that lived in what is now the Pacific Northwest of the United States, .
Seychelles is a African country in the Indian Ocean.
A square mile  is a U.S.
A Region is the name for one of 25 areas into which the land is divided in Peru.
Ica is one of 25 regions of Peru.
Togo is a country in Africa, located between Benin and Ghana on the western coast.
Bad Religion is an American punk rock band from Los Angeles, California.
The Meat Puppets are an alternative/punk rock group from Scottsdale, Arizona, USA.
Theodore Robert "Ted" Bundy  was one of most prolific serial killers in United States history.
Longboarding is a form of skateboarding.
Graffiti are marks or writing made on a wall with paint or spray paint .
"Appellation d'Origine Controlée"  is a French phrase which shows that a product comes from a certain area.
Distillation is a chemical engineering unit operation where two liquids are separated from each other.
A lawyer  is someone who studied law and got a degree in that discipline.
Loreto is Peru's most northern region.
Iquitos is the capital city of the Loreto Region in northern Peru.
Apple juice is the juice from apples.
Calvados is an alcoholic drink.
A still is a tool used to purify a liquid.
Ravioli is a type of Italian pasta dish.
"The Bridge on the River Kwai" is a 1957 movie from Columbia Pictures, based on Pierre Boulle's 1952 book "The Bridge over the River Kwai" .
Tannins are bitter-tasting chemical compounds that bind proteins.
Cuisine is a French word, and literally means kitchen.
A hotel or a guest-house is a large building with many rooms, where people can sleep when they are not at home.
"Some Like It Hot" is a 1959 comedy movie starring Marilyn Monroe and Jack Lemmon, and directed by Billy Wilder.
Yale University is a university in the state of Connecticut.
Salzburg is the capital of the Austrian state of Salzburg.
Basque  is the language spoken by the Basque people who live in the Pyrenees in North-Central Spain and the bordering region of South-Western France.
Heinz Fischer  is the current president of Austria.
Chlorine  is a chemical element.
The halogens are chemical elements under the second-to-right column in the periodic table, also known as Group 7.
A vitamin is an acid that is needed for the human body to work correctly.
Adultery is a word used in religious texts and in laws.
Perjury is the word used for a person who says something that he or she knows is wrong, and that the person does so while they are under oath .
Lust is a term for a strong desire or wanting, or maybe even needing, often for sexual acts, although it is also commonly used to talk of a "lust for life" or a "lust for power" or for other goals.
People see that some of those sins are connected.
Bromine is a chemical element.
Fluorine  is a chemical element which exists as a yellow diatomic gas.
Iodine is a chemical element.
Astatine is a chemical element.
The nucleus is the central part of an atom, and it is made of protons and neutrons.
The United States House of Representatives is a part of the United States (U.
Lourdes Celmira Flores Nano is a Peruvian politician.
A novel is a long work of literature that is fiction.
Fiction is a story that's not true.
Oak Lawn is a village in Cook County, Illinois, USA.
Fossil fuels are fuels from fossils.
The Boston Bruins are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League .
George Morrow (c.
Dietary minerals are the chemical elements that living things need to have be part of what they eat, other than the four elements carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and oxygen which are already very common in living things.
Cleveland is a non metropolitan county in North East England.
Hungarian is a Finno-Ugric language, which is a member of the Uralic language family.
Rochester is the third-largest city in the U.S.
A shop, also spelled shoppe, is a store where people can go to buy items that they need or want.
"One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" was a 1975 movie based on a book by Ken Kesey.
"Dr.
Animal husbandry is the looking after and breeding of animals, particularly livestock.
The Walt Disney World Resort, also called Walt Disney World or Disney World, is located in Florida, United States.
The harp is a musical instrument.
Kassam Staudium is an arena in Oxford, England.
348 BC - 347 BC - 346 BC .
A nucleotide is a chemical compound that has an atomic ring, a sugar, information stored within a DNA molecule, and one or more phosphate groups.
Voting is when people make a decision by saying what they want.
A joule is a unit in the SI system.
 was a famous mathematician from Göttingen, Germany.
The Grand Canyon is a very big canyon in Arizona, United States.
Dairy products are foods that are made from milk.
Alberto Fujimori  was the President of Peru from 1990-2001.
This is a list of Presidents of Peru.
The New York Rangers are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League .
A headstone, gravestone or tombstone is a marker, normally made from stone, that is used to identify the person that is buried beneath it .
The Vancouver Canucks are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League .
"Mi Reflejo" is the first Spanish-language album by American pop singer Christina Aguilera.
Behaviour  can have two meanings which are related.
In anatomy, the ankle is the joint that links the foot to the leg.
If you put heat to something , it will get hot.
Tangsudo, dangsudo or tang soo do  is a Korean martial art.
"Annie Hall" is a 1977 movie from United Artists.
Hayao Miyazaki   is a leader in the area of anime, or Japanese animation.
Gasoline, gas, or petrol is a fuel.
A tropical cyclone is a name used to describe circle shaped weather with a low pressure middle and group of a thunderstorms.
The Aymara language is spoken by the Aymara tribe in Bolivia, Peru, and north of Chile.
Michelle Bachelet  became the first woman president of Chile on March 11, 2006.
It is also the Chinese word for "U.
A politician is someone in politics who has, or who runs for, a governmental office.
Sendero Luminoso, , is a Peruvian Maoist group which is based on the communist ideologies.
Fat is something found in foods, and it is the most concentrated kind of energy that a human can use.
Saturated fat is a kind of fat.
The Mackinac Bridge is a 5-mile-long  bridge that carries a four-lane interstate highway, Interstate 75.
Health.
Cold nuclear fusion is nuclear fusion at room temperature and normal pressure.
Cusco is a city in southeastern Peru, near the Huatanay Valley  in the Andes mountain range.
Cusco is a region in Peru.
"Midnight Cowboy" is a 1969 movie, released by United Artists.
If two people want to have sex, law says that they must have a certain "age".
Andy Richter  is an American comedian and actor, best known for his former role as Conan O'Brien's sidekick on "Late Night with Conan O'Brien".
Jennifer Granholm (b.
Sandra Day O'Connor  is on the Supreme Court of the United States.
John Paul Stevens  is on the Supreme Court of the United States.
Antonin Scalia  is a jurist on the Supreme Court of the United States.
Anthony Kennedy is on the Supreme Court of the United States.
David Souter is a member of the Supreme Court of the United States.
Clarence Thomas is a Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.
Stephen Breyer is a Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.
Ruth Bader Ginsberg is a Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.
John Glover Roberts, Jr.
Tacna Region is the most southern region in Peru.
Tacna is a city in Peru.
Franz Kafka  was a famous Czech-born, German-speaking writer.
Eva Anna Paula Braun  was the longtime girlfriend  of Adolf Hitler.
Computer recycling means taking things from old computers and using them in new computer things.
Nagasaki is a large city in Kyushu, western Japan.
Ayyavazhi அய்யாவழி , is a religion with one god that started in South India in the middle of the 19th century.
Akilathirattu Ammanai அகிலத்திரட்டு அம்மானை  + thirattu  + ammanai ), also called Thiru Edu , is the main religious book of the Southern Indian Ayyavazhi, officially a branch of Hinduism.
Ayya Vaikundar அய்யா வைகுண்டர், is a Manu  avatar  of the Lord Narayana according to Akilattirattu Ammanai the holy book of the Ayyavazhi religion, officially a Tamil Hindu branch.
There are several political parties in Germany.
The Planck mass is a small unit of mass used in physics.
Human sexuality can be described as the way someone is attracted to other people.
"War and Peace" is a famous long novel written by Leo Tolstoy, a Russian writer.
The American city of Bay City is a small city in the state of Michigan, United States.
Zirconium is a chemical elemental metal.
Yttrium is a chemical elemental metal.
Windows 98 is an operating system for computers.
Waste is used, discarded, and unwanted materials.
The Republic of the Congo is a country in Africa.
The Gabonese Republic or Gabon is a country in Africa.
Tamil Nadu is one of the states in the south of India.
Duck is the common name for several species of birds in the family "Anatidae".
"North by Northwest" is a 1959 movie thriller from Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
Nightwish is a symphonic metal band from Finland.
Sierra Leone is a country in West Africa.
A door is a hard, flat thing a person can open and close so the person can go into a room or other place.
Raichu is a made up character in the Pokémon TV series.
The Boeing 737 is a medium sized airplane built by the North American company Boeing.
Tsar is a name for the ruler of Bulgaria in 913–1422, later usage in 1908–1946 and the emperor of Russia from 1546 until 1917.
Engelbert Dollfuss   was the Chancellor of Austria from 1932 until 1933.
A language isolate is a language that does not have another language related to it.
In taxonomy, a species is a kind of animal or plant.
An ancestor is a parent, a parent's parent , a parent's parent's parent , and so on.
River dolphins are four species  of dolphin which live in fresh water rivers and estuaries.
An estuary is a place near the ocean where saltwater mixes with freshwater.
James Bond is a fictional British spy created by Ian Fleming in 1953.
"A Streetcar Named Desire" is a 1947 play by Tennessee Williams.
A tetrahedron is a three dimensional shape.
Robert Hooke was born in England in 1635, and died in 1703.
Count Lev Nikolayevich Tolstoy  was a Russian novelist and anarchist, famous for writing the books "War and Peace" and "Anna Karenina".
Wine made in the American state of California has a long history.
"Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid" is a 1969 movie from 20th Century Fox.
Mehmed II  was Sultan of the Ottoman Empire for a short time from 1444 to 1446, and later from 1451 to 1481.
"The Bold and the Beautiful" is a popular soap opera in the United States.
The primary colors  are colors that cannot be created by mixing other colors in a given color space.
The umbilicus  is the part of the body of mammals that is left after a baby loses its umbilical cord.
Captain James Cook, FRS  – February 14, 1779) was an English explorer, navigator and cartographer.
The offside rule is one of the oldest soccer rules, but is still a much discussed rule.
Valentine's Day is a holiday that happens on February 14.
The Canary Islands is a group of islands off the coast of Morocco.
Edinburgh Airport  is an airport in Scotland.
Lufthansa is the largest airline in Germany, and the second largest in Europe.
Orlando Jonathan Blanchard Bloom  is a English actor.
The year of 1791 started on a Saturday in the Gregorian calendar.
Chromium is a chemical element.
Neon is a gas.
Tin is a slightly soft, silvery metal.
Silicon is element 14 on the periodic table.
Cadmium is a metal.
Krypton is a noble gas.
All of these gases are found in air.
Polonium is a rare radioactive metalloid.
Bismuth is a metal.
Iridium is the 77th element on the periodic table.
Transition metals are a group of metals that are found in the middle of the periodic table.
Osmium is a chemical element.
Radon is element 86 on the periodic table.
FTP stands for File Transfer Protocol, it is mainly used to send and receive files on the Internet.
Hypertext Transfer Protocol  is a communications protocol.
Ethernet is a way of connecting computers together in a local area network or LAN.
Obesity is the condition of being much too heavy for ones height.
Phillips Academy  is a high school for boys and girls in Andover, Massachusetts, near Boston, USA.
Gluttony is a wasting of resources.
Greed is a desire to have more goods, or more wealth that is needed.
"Mazurek Dąbrowskiego" is the Polish national anthem, made in 1797 by Józef Wybicki.
Fornication is a word that means having sex with someone who is not your spouse.
Profit is how much money somebody  makes.
Roasting is a way of cooking.
Influenza  is a very common disease.
The pancreas is an organ that releases hormones and enzymes to help digestion.
A chloroplast is a small structure inside the cells of a plant that absorbs light and allows it to do a process known as photosynthesis.
Chlorophyll is a chemical found in the chloroplasts of plants that allows the plant to absorb light.
The oak tree is a kind of hardwood forest tree.
Glucose is a simple carbohydrate, or "sugar".
Cellulose is the main chemical that forms the main structure of plants.
Wikiquote is a "sister"  project of Wikipedia.
Brasília is the Brazilian capital city.
Plus there are several more common music genres.
The to be verb is an important verb in English language.
Dim sum is a way of serving Chinese food.
"Super Smash Bros.
A catalyst is something that makes a chemical reaction happen faster.
Hydrogen peroxide is a chemical compound.
Mayotte is an island in the Indian Ocean next to Madagascar.
Halldór Ásgrímsson  is the Prime Minister of Iceland.
Somaliland is a country in Africa.
The 25 points manifesto is a 25 point plan written by Adolf Hitler and Anton Drexler for the NSDAP when it was founded in 1920.
A penny  is a coin in the United Kingdom.
Matt Groening is a cartoonist.
Nikolai Ivanovich Lobachevsky , 1792–1856) was a Russian mathematician.
A wildebeest  is an animal.
A predator is a kind of animal that hunts, catches and eats other animals.
The Serengeti  is a region of woodlands and grasslands in southern Africa.
Spiders are invertebrate arachnids that have eight legs, and make silk.
Grass is a type of plant that covers the ground like a green rug.
The Cacao tree is a small tree originally in tropical South America.
Mahabad ;  is a city in Iran.
Shivan Qaderi  was a student and opposition activist in Iran.
Sauce is a hot or a cold liquid that is added to another food to add flavor to it.
Spaghetti is an Italian type of pasta.
The Emperor Penguin  is a penguin that lives in Antarctica.
The Snares Penguin , also known as the Snares Crested Penguin and the Snares Islands Penguin, is a penguin from New Zealand.
Chahar-cheragh Square  , is a public square in the centre of the city of Mahabad.
A complex number is a type of number.
Frederick I of Prussia , July 11, 1657 – February 25, 1713) of the Hohenzollern dynasty was the first King in Prussia .
The Siege of Jerusalem took place from September 20 to October 2, 1187.
The Beer Hall Putsch was a failed coup d'etat in Munich, Germany between the evening of November 8 and the morning of November 9, 1923.
Verona is a town in the Veneto region in Italy with 260,000 inhabitants.
Kiev or Kyiv  is the capital city of the country of Ukraine.
Harare is the capital of Zimbabwe.
The Seventh-day Adventist Church is a regular Protestant Christian denomination or church, but it has some beliefs that are different from most Protestant denominations.
"Antony and Cleopatra" is a play by Shakespeare.
"Wilhelmus" is the title and first word of the Dutch national anthem.
Fuzzy logic is a sort of computer logic that is different from boolean algebra.
Douala is the largest city in the African country of Cameroon.
37 is a year in the 1st century.
1243 is a year in the 13th century .
Births.
The Gleiwitz incident was a planned German attack against the radio station "Sender Gleiwitz" in the German town of Gliwice on the night of August 31, 1939.
Free means two different things.
Mackinac Island is an island in Lake Huron.
AFI's 100 Years...
Havana is the capital city of Cuba and, with a population of 2.2 million, the largest city in the Caribbean.
Bismarck is a German family name.
Crusinallo, with 4000 people, is the most populated district of the town of Omegna .
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals  is the world's largest non-profit organisation about animal rights.
A software licence  is a kind licence that is used to restrict how a piece of software is used.
The BSD licence is named after the group that first used the licence, the University of California, Berkeley, where the BSD operating system was first made.
Year 1688 was a leap year that started on a Thursday when using the Gregorian calendar.
Births.
Year 1682 was a common year that started on a Thursday when using the Gregorian calendar.
Events.
Lake Baikal is a very big lake in Siberia.
The omul is a kind of fish.
Salmon is a kind of fish.
The Wild Turkey  is the name of the more common of the two species of turkey .
An Ocellated Turkey  is a turkey  that is named for the eye-like spots on the tail feathers .
Drenthe is a province in the northeast of the Netherlands.
June 6, 1944, also known as D-Day, stands for the biggest amphibious  attack in military history, known as "Operation Overlord".
Ishpeming is a city located in Marquette County, Michigan, USA.
Humphrey Bogart  was an American actor who starred in seventy-five movies.
Funk is a type of music from the United States that was developed the 1960s by African American musicians and singers such as James Brown, Sly and the Family Stone, George Clinton, and The Meters.
1513 was a year of the Gregorian calendar, that started on a Wednesday.
The Great white shark  is a kind of shark.
Cary Grant , born as Archibald Alexander Leach in the United Kingdom, was an American actor.
Emotion is how people feel inside.
Dyslexia is a very common problem and has an effect on the way our brain understands words.
The AK-47 is a Russian assault rifle designed in 1947 by Mikhail Kalashnikov and first used in 1949.
Erzsébet Báthory , was a countess in what is now Transylvania.
Peter Jackson  is a movie director.
Valencia is a city in Spain, on the Mediterranean coast.
Murcia is the capital of the autonomous community of Murcia, in Spain, and her biggest city with a population of 410,000 in the city and more than 740,000 in the metropolitan area.
Zaragoza  is the capital of Aragon, in the Ebro Valley, in the crossroad from Barcelona, Valencia, Madrid, and Bilbao.
Malaga is a Spanish city in Andalusia, on the Mediterranean coast, called "Costa del Sol" .
Las Palmas de Gran Canaria is the most important city in the Canary Islands, in the Atlantic Ocean.
Palma de Mallorca is the capital of the Balearic Islands and the Mallorca island, in the Mediterranean Sea, in front of the Iberian Peninsula.
Cordoba is a city in Spain, in Andalusia, over the Guadalquivir river, with a population of 321,000.
Alicante is a city in Spain.
Phonology is the science that studies the sound patterns of language.
Linguistics is the science that studies language.
The Region of Murcia is an autonomous community in the south-east of Spain.
Segura is a Spanish river that is 325 kilometers  long.
Orihuela is a city on the coast in Spain in the Alicante province, on the Segura river in a district called "Vega Baja".
Alicante province is the fifth largest Spanish province by population with 1,750,000, and the second largest in the Valencian Community.
Turkmenistan or Turkmenia is a country in Central Asia.
Caesium  is chemical element 55 on the periodic table.
Rubidium is chemical element 37 on the periodic table.
Barium is chemical element 56 on the periodic table.
Scandium is chemical element 21 on the periodic table.
Vanadium is chemical element 23 on the periodic table.
Arsenic is chemical element 33 on the periodic table.
Manganese is chemical element 25 on the periodic table.
Gallium  is chemical element 31 on the periodic table.
Nikita Sergeyevich Khrushchyov  IPA:, commonly spelled in English as Khrushchev) April 17, 1894 – September 11, 1971) was the leader of the Soviet Union after the death of Joseph Stalin.
Metalloid refers to a group of chemical elements that have interesting properties.
The Rambla de las Ovejas  is a water course of the province of Alicante, in Spain.
Guadalquivir is a river to the south of Spain, which crosses the autonomous community of Andalusia.
Ebro is a Spanish river.
Toledo province is one of the provinces of Castile-La Mancha, in the center of Spain, near Madrid.
Talavera of the Queen  is a city of the interior of Spain.
Castile-La Mancha is an autonomous community in Spain with a population over 2,000,000.
Ciudad Real  is a city in Spain.
Ciudad Real  is a province of Spain in the community of Castile-La Mancha.
Puertollano  is a city in Spain.
NOFX is a popular punk rock band from California.
Methane is a hydrocarbon that is a gas at room temperature .
North Country is a movie about a woman being harassed in a mining facility.
Dance Dance Revolution is a series of video games made by Konami in which players step on arrows on a large pad or mat to match the arrows on screen.
Street Fighter II is a video game by Capcom made in 1990.
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers is a television series which ran for 3 seasons , which is longer than the Power Rangers shows after this series have lasted.
Office Space is a 1999 comedy movie.
"Syriana" is an 2005 American movie, which has won Academy Award and Golden Globe awards.
Shareware is a way to sell software.
Brokeback Mountain is a 2005 movie about two gay cowboys who are in love with each other.
"A Christmas Carol" is a famous book by the English writer Charles Dickens.
Aruba is an island in the Caribbean Sea, just a short distance north of the Venezuelan Paraguaná Peninsula, and it forms a part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands.
Kill Bill is a movie directed by Quentin Tarantino.
A drive-by shooting is when a gun is fired from a moving vehicle, at a target outside the vehicle.
Andalusia or Andalucía, in southern Spain, is one of 17 regions of Spain called Autonomous communities of Spain.
Granada is a Spanish city, capital of the province of Granada, in Andalusia.
Cadiz is a Spanish city, capital of the Cadiz province, in Andalusia.
Merida is the capital of Extremadura, in the Badajoz province, Spain.
Cuenca is a spanish city, capital of the Cuenca province, in Castile-La Mancha.
The Balearic Islands are an autonomous community of Spain, formed by the "Balearic Islands province".
Henry Jaynes Fonda  was an American actor.
Cartagena is a city in the Region of Murcia, in Spain.
Palermo is a Italian city, the capital of Sicily, with 720,000 inhabitants and more than 1,000,000 in the metropolitan area.
Bosnia and Herzegovina or Bosnia-Herzegovina  is a country in Europe, with an area of 51,000 km2 and 4,500,000 people.
A Black bass is a type of fresh water fish.
The Reinheitsgebot is a regulation about the purity of beer.
A Maß or Mass is an old unit of measurement of liquid.
The wolverine  is a member of the Mustelidae family .
The German battleship "Bismarck" was one of the most famous warships of World War II.
The Republic of Mahabad , established in Iranian Kurdistan, was the second independent Kurdish state of the 20th century after the Republic of Ararat in Turkey.
The Emblem of Iran was made after the Islamic Revolution in that country in 1979.
Anti-Kurdism is hostility towards or prejudice against Kurds, which can range from individual hatred to institutionalized, violent persecution.
Tennis is a sport played with a rubber ball, a racket, and a court.
A teacher is a person who helps people learn.
Getafe is a city located to 15 km to the south of Madrid, in the Community of Madrid, Spain.
The Manhattan Project was the program in which the United States tried to make the first nuclear weapons.
Hadschi Baba Scheich   was the prime minister of the Republic of Mahabad.
"Ajam"  in Arabic means non-Arabic-speaker.
Boston Terriers are a breed of dog.
Vigdís Finnbogadóttir  was the 4th president of Iceland.
Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson  is the fifth and current President of Iceland, from 1996 to present, re-elected without opposition in 2000, and was re-elected for a third term in 2004.
Coral Springs, Florida, is a planned city in the United States.
Affenpinscher is a small breed of dog in the toy group.
The Yorkshire Terrier or Yorkie is a small breed of dog.
The Chiffons were an all girl singing group.
Mott the Hoople was a English Hard Rock/Glam Rock group.
"Turner & Hooch" is an American movie that was released in 1989.
The Temptations are a successful R&B singing group.
Brenda Mae Tarpley or Brenda Lee  was an American pop singer popular in the 1960s.
Buddy Clark  was a pop singer popular in the 1930s and 1940s.
Air Supply is a pop music singing group.
The Sex Pistols were the first popular punk group in Britain.
Walter Murphy is a classically trained pianist.
Bette Davis  was an American actress of the stage, cinema and television.
The Gunpowder Plot of 1605 was a plan to explode the House of Parliament in London, England.
John Knox  was the man who brought the Protestant Reformation to Scotland.
The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine is one of many Nobel Prizes which were created by Alfred Nobel.
The Nobel Prize in Literature is one of many Nobel Prizes given in honor of Alfred Nobel.
The Zuni, also called Zuñi or Ashiwi are a Native American tribe.
The Great Schism  is a word that is used to describe how Christianity developed into two big flunctual branches named after Sydney Lynn Hartman in the Middle Ages.
Material Fallacies.
The Union of Myanmar, , is the largest country in South Asia that is not an island.
1206 is a year in the 13th century.
Ben Nevis is the highest mountain in Great Britain.
Snowdon is the highest mountain in Wales.
Amazonas is the largest state of Brazil.
Manaus is the principal city of the North Region of Brazil.
Sometimes, people talking about Amazonas also mean the River in South America, which is called the Amazon.
Tocantins is a state in central Brazil.
The Amazon Rainforest is the forest that grows in the tropical basin of the Amazon River.
Gosport is a town in Hampshire, England.
Bahasa Indonesia is the official language of the Asian country of Indonesia .
All in the Family was a popular television show in the 1970s.
Religion.
Saint Lucia is a tropical island country in the eastern Caribbean Sea.
Yuri Alekseyevich Gagarin  was a Russian cosmonaut .
The Yangtze River, or Yangzi, or Chang Jiang, is a river in China.
"Sons and Daughters of Saint Lucia" is the national anthem of Saint Lucia.
Tampico is the main city in the state of Tamaulipas, Mexico.
A goalkeeper is someone who protects a team's goal.
Deaths.
Mel Brooks  is a Jewish American actor, comedian, writer, film director, and producer.
Hawaii Volcanoes National Park is a national park in the U.S.
Pertussis, also known as whooping cough, is a disease that kills about 300,000 people in the world every year, out of 30–50 million cases per year.
Some people believe that deities are powerful spirits that control the nature of things.
In Norse mythology, Odin was the king of the Æsir.
Qazi Muhammad  was the Nationalist and Religious Kurdish leader and the Head of Republic of Mahabad , the second modern Kurdish state in the Middle East .
Brine is water that has more than 5% salt in it.
Aladdin is a fictional person from the story "Aladdin and the Enchanted Lamp", which is part of the "Book of One Thousand and One Nights".
“the far shore, the subtle, the very difficult to see, the unaging, the stable, the undisintegrating, the unmanifest, the unproliferated, the peaceful, the deathless, the sublime, the auspicious, the secure, the destruction of craving, the wonderful, the amazing, the unailing, the unailing state, the unafflicted, dispassion, purity, freedom, the unadhesive, the island, the shelter, the asylum, the refuge...”  .
Lahti is a city in Finland.
The British Virgin Islands are part of the Virgin Islands chain of islands shared by both the United States and the United Kingdom.
A lamp is a device that makes light or sometimes heat.
Pinocchio is a made up story person that first was told and printed in 1883, in the book "The Adventures of Pinocchio" by Carlo Collodi.
Diplomacy is when countries make agreements with each other, or when they do not.
If something is acellular, it contains no cells or is not made up of cells.They are usually too small to see with the naked eye and must be seen with a microscope.
The state of México is one of the administrative divisions of the country of Mexico.
A yawn is a very large, long breath.
Constantine Maroulis  is an American singer, actor and writer from New York.
Sean Taro Ono Lennon  is the son of John Lennon and his second wife Yoko Ono.
A Eurasian person is a person of mixed European and Asian descent or mixed parentage .
Wallonia  is a French-speaking region in the south of Belgium.
Cryptorchidism is a condition where one or both testicles does not drop down  into the scrotum.
Charles Hardin Holley or Buddy Holly  was an American rock and roll singer, composer, and musician.
John Denver  , was an American musician and songwriter.
Castaic is a community in southern California, USA.
North West England is one of the regions of England in the United Kingdom.
Central Point is a city in Oregon, USA.
Puebla is a Mexican city.
Namur  is a city in Belgium.
Mariska Hargitay  is an American actress.
Santa Cruz de Tenerife is the capital of the Canary Islands.
Saint Helena is an overseas territory of the United Kingdom.
A helicopter is a kind of aircraft .
Baku  is the capital and the largest city of Azerbaijan.
Windows ME is the Millennium Edition of the Microsoft Windows operating system.
A librarian is a person who works in a library and helps people to find books, magazines, and other information.
Geronimo ,  was a well-known Native American leader, but not chief, of the Chiricahua Apache tribe, but he was a Bedonkohe Apache.
A gold rush is when a lot of miners go to a mining place full of gold.
The California Gold Rush was when a lot of people went to the mountains of California to find gold.
Jeans are a type of pants made from heavy, strong cotton material  called denim.
Sovereignty is the right of a government to have complete control over its area.
The Fédération Internationale de Football Association , or FIFA for short, is the organization that controls international football .
"American Idol" is a popular TV show in America that lets anyone sing to people watching the show on television while they're being judged.
A smile is a facial expression a person normally makes when they are happy.
Słupsk is a city in northern Poland in voivodship of Pomerania.
The Emperor of Ethiopa was the name of the ruler of Ethiopia until 1975 when the emperors and the royal family, the Solomonids, were taken out of power.
The Solomonid dynasty was a line of emperors that ruled in Ethiopia from 1270 to 1975.
"The Sound of Music" is a 1959 Broadway & West End Musical by Rodgers and Hammerstein, and a 1965 movie from 20th Century Fox.
Body mass index is a special measure that allows to see if a person is of an appropriate weight for their height.
The Academy Award for Best Picture is one of the Academy Awards.
Bulimia nervosa  is a disease and a type of eating disorder.
The Turks and Caicos Islands are two groups of islands that are owned by the British.
Vichy France was the government set up by the Germans in southern France during World War II.
Anguilla is a group of five islands in the Caribbean Sea.
Bermuda is about 130 islands in the Atlantic Ocean of the east coast of North America that are ruled by Great Britain.
Tarja Halonen  is the President of Finland.
Turku is the oldest city in Finland.
"Wings" is a silent movie released in 1927.
"Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans" or "Sunrise" is a 1927 silent movie.
"The Broadway Melody" is one of the first Hollywood musical movies.
"Rocky" is a 1976 movie.
"The Deer Hunter" is a 1978 movie.
A tailor is a person whose job is to make clothes to fit people.
A template is a tool that shows the shape of something or it is a tool to help make something.
"Oliver!" is a British musical, based on the book Oliver Twist by Charles Dickens.
Dr.
Gliders are aircraft which do not have a motor.
John Stuart Mill , was an English philosopher and political economist.
Jeremy Bentham  was an English, jurist, philosopher, and legal and social reformer.
Dinosaur Comics is a comic by Ryan North.
A lucid dream is a dream where the person knows that they are dreaming.
"My Fair Lady" is a musical.
A Man for All Seasons is a play about the life of Sir Thomas More that was first put on in 1960.
A composite number  is a natural number, that can be gotten by multiplying prime numbers.
and if somebody else finds "another" way to write 6936 or 1200 as product of prime numbers, we can put those prime numbers in the right order and find out that it is the same as what we have here.
"A Potruguesa" "A Portuguesa"  is the national anthem of Portugal.
Welding is a way of heating pieces of metal using electricity or a flame so that they melt and stick together.
Stalk sometimes means following something to watch it.
William Henry "Bill" Cosby, Jr., Ed.D , known to many as Bill Cosby, is a famous American comedian.
Ham is meat that comes from a thigh of a pig.
Spam is a canned meat food made by the Hormel Foods Corporation.
A mushroom is the fruiting body of a kind of fungus.
Factorization  is taking a composite number apart into numbers that multiply together to get the original number.
The shoulder is the joint where the human arm attaches to the rest of the body.
A joint  is the place at which two bones make contact .
Muhammad Hosni Said Mubarak  , commonly known as Hosni Mubarak , has been the fourth President of Egypt for twenty four years, since 14 October 1981.
Euclid of Alexandria   was a Greek mathematician who lived in Alexandria, Egypt.
Guadeloupe is dependency of France in the Caribbean Sea.
Lou Reed  is an American rock and roll musician.
Anthropomorphism is giving human characteristics, like emotions  and the ability to talk, to a living thing or object that is not a human.
An apostrophe is a form of punctuation used in writing.
Ryan North is the Canadian author of the popular comic strip Dinosaur Comics, as well as Whispered Apologies and several other projects.
A by-election or bye-election is a type of special election.
A secretary is a person who is employed to help in an office.
Happiness is a feeling of pleasure and satisfaction.
A number is called a perfect number if by adding all the positive divisors of the number , the result is the number itself.
"StarCraft" is a real-time strategy game for the PC.
Acid rain is where chemicals in the air combine with rain and make the water more acidic.
Charlie Parker , also known as "Bird" or "Yardbird", is considered one of the greatest jazz saxophonists, specifically alto saxophonist.
Mount Price  is a volcanic mountain in the Garibaldi Volcanic Belt, in British Columbia, Canada.
A bun is a type of food made out of bread.
Goldfinger are a American punk band.
Salamanca is a city in central Spain, capital of the province with the same name.
The Tudor dynasty was a series of kings and queens in England.
Elizabeth Blackwell was the first modern woman doctor, and the first woman doctor in the United States.
Doom is a violent first-person shooter computer game made by iD software in 1993.
The Jam was an English based pop group from Woking in Surrey.
Alchemy is a study of the basic elements called fire, water, earth and air.
Goldfinger  is a 1959 novel; the seventh James Bond book written by Ian Fleming.
A scar is the natural result of a healing process in the human body.
Warcraft is a game series created by Blizzard Entertainment.
DIN Deutsches Institut für Normung e.V.
There are different systems for telling paper size.
An envelope is a form of packing.
Francis Hutcheson  was an Irish philosopher and one of the founding fathers of the Scottish Enlightenment.
Yasser Arafat or Yassir Arafat   or Cairo, died November 11 3:30am, 2004), born Mohammed Abdel-Raouf Arafat al-Qudwa al-Husseini  and also known by the "kunya" Abu `Ammar  became known as the first leader of the Palestinian people.
An antidote is a substance or a thing that can make people feel better who took a certain poison.
  was an Israeli politician and general.
An activist is a person who fights for a certain cause.
After means later in time.
A kettle is a type of pot that is used in a kitchen.
Nerve gas or nerve agent is the name of a family of chemical poisons.
A herbicide is a poison that kills plants.
Hugh Hefner  founded "Playboy Magazine" in the 1950s.
Urination is how animals remove urine from their bodies.
Mainframes  are large and expensive computers used mainly by government institutions and large companies for things like data processing, industry and consumer statistics, and financial transaction processing.
Nyctalopia  is a disease of the human eyes.
Martinique is an island in the Caribbean Sea, and an overseas region of France.
PHP  is a programming language that helps make webpages more interactive, by allowing them to do more things.
"Hello, World!" is usually a program made by computer programmers that are new to a programming language.
The decade as a whole.
Programming is when Computer programmers make programs.
DarkBASIC is a programming language that is very easy to create games in so people do not need to worry about DirectX.
The Extensible Markup Language  is a computer language.
JavaScript is a scripting language for a computer.
The World Money Fair is an international bourse of coins.
Autocracy is a form of government.
Oligarchy is a form of government.
Rules of punctuation.
Most of the earth's surface is covered with water.
A surface is the outer part of something.
Here is a list of currently existing Top Level Domains .
The following is a list of Atlantic hurricane seasons.
The following is a list of Pacific hurricane seasons.
The 1963 Atlantic hurricane season started on June 1, 1963, and ended in November 30, 1963.
Sildenafil is a medication that is also called Viagra, Revatio and  Caverta.
Percy James Patrick Kent-Smith or Sylvester McCoy  is a Scottish actor.
Paul McGann  is an English actor.
Georgia O’Keeffe  was an American artist.
Genesis is an English progressive rock group.
Deadly nightshade or belladonna  is a well-known, hardy perennial shrub, a member of the nightshade family.
A perennial is a plant that bears leaves and perhaps flowers every year.
A shrub or bush is a category of plants.
An evergreen plant is a plant that keeps its leaves over the winter.
Deciduous means "temporary" or "tending to fall off" .
A place is called in the shade when the sun is shining, and some object, a tree for example, blocks the direct sunlight.
A hallucination is when a person sees an image or hears a sound that is not really there.
When a beam of light shines onto something, that thing will cast a dark image of itself onto the ground or another surface.
A top-level domain is an extension at the very end of a domain name, which is a name for an Internet website.
"The Sims" is a 2000 video game.
A webcam is a type of camera that lets people see each other over the Internet.
The y-intercept of a line on a graph is where the line touches  the y-axis .
The Last Waltz was final concert of the Canadian/American rock group The Band.
1241 is a year in the 13th century.
1204 is a year in the 13th century.
The Vedas are the four holiest books of the Hindu religion.
List of Prime Ministers of Greenland For leaders before this see: List of Governors of Greenland .
Serbia and Montenegro  was the name of the state union of Serbia and Montenegro.
A Minister can be a Member of Parliament, or a Clergyman .
Jealousy or envy is a feeling  people get when they want what others have.
Anger is a negative feeling which often happens when a person thinks that someone or something has done something wrong, bad or which puts them in danger, and they want to stop the risk, or punish the person for what they have done.
A jump is when someone bend their legs and quickly straightens them.
A light microscope works a lot like a refracting telescope except that the object is very close to the objective lens.
Rembrandt Harmenszoon van Rijn  was a famous Dutch painter and artist.
The Big Ten are the United States's ten major movie production studios.
Culinary mustard is a condiment people use when making food.
A condiment is a prepared food that is put to other food, to make the food tastier or taste different.
Vinegar is a liquid used mostly in cooking.
An insecticide is a poison made to kill insects and spiders.
Paranoia is a condition where a person believes that they are being watched at all times, for example, or that they are being followed.
A delusion is a false belief held by a person.
Paganism is a term that covers a great number of spiritual and religious beliefs, and someone who follows one of these beliefs is known as a Pagan.
1504 was a year of the Gregorian calendar, that started on a Friday.
A person has courage if he does something even though he is afraid.
In British English, a supporter is a person who likes and supports a sportsperson or a team.
Formula One, or F1, is a type of race-car driving.
Abdullah Öcalan is the leader of Kurdistan Workers Party , a Communist group banned by the government of Turkey.
The Caribbean Community, or CARICOM, is a group of nations in the Caribbean Sea that have come together.
Qaqortoq, also known by its Danish name "Julianehåb", is a town in southwestern Greenland.
Sisimiut  is a town in southwestern Greenland.
The Arctic Circle is one of the five major circles of latitude  that are often marked on maps of the Earth.
Kabul is the capital and the largest city in Afghanistan with about 3 million people living there.
Parfait is a type of food that is eaten as a dessert.
True parrots are birds of the family Psittacidae.
Angel cake  is a kind of cake first made in the United States in the 19th century.
A wrench  is a tool used to turn nuts and bolts, and similarly shaped objects.
Salman Rushdie,  known as "Mallun Rushdie" in Islamic world, is a novelist and essayist and author of "Midnight's Children" , which won the Booker Prize.
"Lilo & Stitch" is an animated movie, released by Disney in 2002.
AFI's 100 Years...
The Irish Sea is a body of water that separates Ireland and Great Britain.
A party is a social gathering primarily for celebration and recreation.
Hate or hatred is an emotion of very strong dislike for someone or something.
Dallas is a large city in the northern part of the U.S.
Ilulissat  is the third largest city in Greenland.
Chimpanzees are great apes of the genus "Pan".
A meridian is an imaginary line of longitude drawn along the surface of the earth from the North Pole to the South Pole.
A district is a local government area.
Literacy means the ability to read and write.
The Isle of Man  is an island in the Irish Sea, off the coast of Great Britain .
The French Revolution was a period of French history that lasted from 1789 to 1799.
Daffy Duck is a cartoon character from the Warner Bros.
The guillotine is a machine used to kill  people  as death penalty.
A school uniform is a dress people  wear when they go to school.
Primates are a group of mammals that contains all lemurs, monkeys, and apes including humans.
The Tropic of Cancer  is Latin for crab) is one of the five major circles of latitude  that are often marked on maps of the Earth.
Equinox is when the sun passes directly over the equator.
The Teufelsbrücke  is a bridge over the river Reuss in the Swiss canton of Uri.
The term grandparent means the parents of a person's parents.
Leptons are elementary particles with spin 1/2  that are not affected by strong nuclear force.
Jersey is an island that is located off the northwest coast of France.
The Democratic Republic of East Timor or Timor Leste is a country in Southeast Asia.
Country music  is a form of music that has been enjoyed by people all over the United States for decades.
"Tootsie" is a 1982 comedy movie from Columbia Pictures.
Lynyrd Skynyrd is an American Southern Rock group from Jacksonville, Florida.
Peter Handke  is an Austrian author and translator of books.
Density is a measurement that compares the amount of matter an object has to its volume.
A gram is a unit of measure part of the metric system.
Longitude is a way to say where a place is on the Earth.
Hilary Erhard Duff   is an American actress and singer.
An oil platform is a large structure placed in the sea.
The planet earth is covered with seas.
The Mariana Trench  is the deepest known submarine trench.
The Mariana Islands  are a group of islands made up by the summits of 15 volcanic mountains in the western Pacific Ocean.
Something that is submerged is completely surrounded by a liquid, usually water.
Scanners, or computer scanners are used to transfer images or text into a computer.
A brassière  is an undergarment for women.
Torture is when some people put a person in pain.
This is about events of the 1680s.
Iqaluit is the capital of and largest community in Nunavut Territory in Canada.
A phasor is a tool in mathematics.
Roman Emperor is the name that is given to the rulers of the Roman Empire.
Svalbard is the name of a group of islands, or "archipelago", in the Arctic Ocean.
Margrethe II   is the Queen regnant of Denmark.
Enterprise architecture is comprehensive framework used to manage and align an organization's business processes, information technology, computer hardware and software, local and wide area networks, people, operations and projects with the organization's overall strategy.
Mutilation is when the way a human body looks is permanently changed.
Heiner Zieschang  was a German mathematician.
Jan Mayen is an island in the Arctic Ocean.
Uninhabited is a word that usually describes places.
In the beginning, a gate was a place between two parts of a wall, or a fence which could be opened and closed to let people go through it.
A city gate is a gate that is found in many medieval cities.
Bern is the capital city of Switzerland.
A demo is a small portion or sample of a product.
A preview is a small piece of something used to show what the whole is like before it is generally available.
Atomic mass  is a term for the mass of a single atom of a chemical element.
A price is a value people think something is worth.
Doping is either a term to describe drug use , or the process of putting certain types of chemical elements in a semiconductor in order to make their characteristics different.
What is called the Gaza Strip is a stretch of land along the Mediterranean.
Unemployment is when a person who is of normal working age  does not have a paid job.
Salary is a type of payment a person gets for work done for a job.
A wage  signifies a quantity of money paid for a quantity of work done.
Instant noodles is a dish used in cooking.
Louis Daniel Armstrong    was an American jazz musician.
An element is a part of something.
CBS Broadcasting Inc.
The Prime Minister of Canada is a person who is elected into his job.
In the field of physics, magnetism is a force by which objects attract or push away other materials.
The Althing  is the national legislature of Iceland.
Amapá is one of the states of Brazil.
A character is a person in a work of art such as a novel, play, opera or movie.
The blues is a form of music that started in the United States in the first half of the 20th century.
Macroeconomics studies the economic decisions of a large group of people; for example, a whole country's economy.
Game theory uses math to study strategy.
Taj Mahal is a beautiful tomb built in the 17th century by Moghul ruler Shah Jahan in memory of his wife, Mumtaz Mahal.
Aryan is the name that an ancient people of Iran called themselves.
Uzbekistan is a country in Central Asia.
The United Arab Emirates or the UAE is a country in the Middle East.
A wok is a Chinese pan used for cooking.
The United States Navy is part of the United States Armed Forces .
Pro bono is a Latin phrase meaning "for [the] good", that is used to mean that a legal professional  who would otherwise be paid money for his work, contributes his labor without being paid, for the benefit of society, typically on behalf of a person or organization who cannot pay for some reason, such as poverty.
A molecular formula  shows how many different atoms in one molecule of a chemical compound and how they are connected together.
Harvard University is a private university in Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA and a member of the Ivy League.
Tamil is a language.
Kerala is a state in south the Republic of India.
Malayalam is a language.
Coimbatore is a city in Tamil Nadu, India.
Madurai is a city in Tamil Nadu, India.
Assam is a state in the north eastern region of Hindustan and has an area of 30,285 sq mi , it is bigger than Panama but smaller than the Czech Republic.
Arunachal Pradesh is a state in the Republic of India.
Bihar is a state in the Republic of India, Covering an area of 38,202 sq mi , it bigger than Hungary but smaller than South Korea.
Chhattisgarh is a state within the Republic of India, it occupies 52,199 sq mi , it is bigger than Greece but smaller than Tajikistan.
Gujarat is a state within the Republic of India.
Haryana is a state in the Republic of India, also the birthplace of Hinduism.
Himachal Pradesh is a state in the Republic of India.
Jammu and Kashmir  is the northernmost state of India.
Jharkhand is a state within the Republic of India.
Madhya Pradesh is a state within the Republic of India.
Manipur is a state within the Republic of India.
Meghalaya is a state within the Republic of India.
Mizoram is a state in the Republic of India.
Nagaland is a state in northeast Republic of India.
Orissa is a state on the east coast of the Republic of India, an area of 60,162 sq mi , it is bigger than Nepal but smaller than Tunisia.
East Punjab or Doab  is a state in northern the Republic of India.
Rajasthan is a state in northwestern India.
Tripura is a state in eastern India, it is a Disputed Territory claimed as "Chittagonian Plains" by Bangladesh.
Uttarakhand  is a state in northern India.
Uttar Pradesh is a state in northern India.
West Bengal is a state in eastern Republic of India, and its capital is Kolkata.
Szczecin is a large city in Poland.
A foreigner is a person who is from a country that is not the country he or she is currently in.
What is called agglomeration  is the city, plus all cities and villages it grew together with.
Marathi is the language spoken in Maharashtra, India.
Gujarati is a language.
Punjabi is a language.
Sikhism is a monotheistic religion, or a religion that believes in one God.
Cauvery is a river in south India.
Bhopal is the capital of Madhya Pradesh, India.
A dialect is a type of language spoken by a group of people.
Thanjavur is a town in Tamil Nadu, India.
Trichy or Tiruchi is a city in Tamil Nadu, India.
The Brihadisvara Temple  is a Shiva temple in Thanjavur, India.
The Sultanate of Oman is a country in the southwestern part of Asia, on the southeast coast of the Arabian Peninsula.
In 1951, the United Nations  law called Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees, said a refugee was a person who is forced to leave their country due to natural disasters or war and conflict.
Copperbelt is a province in the northern part of Zambia.
Levy Patrick Mwanawasa  was a Zambian politician.
The Cherokee  are Native Americans who at the time of European contact in the 16th century lived in the area that is now the eastern and southeastern United States before most were forcefully moved to the Ozark hills.
A soup is a kind of food.
Hyderabad is the capital of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Manmohan Singh is the Prime Minister of India.
Indira Gandhi  was the first woman to become Prime Minister of India.
Nintendo 64 was the third video game console released by Nintendo.
Phobos  is one of the sons of Ares and Aphrodite in Greek mythology.
Deimos  is one of the sons of Ares and Aphrodite in Greek mythology.
Krakatoa  is a volcano near the Indonesian island of Rakata in the Sunda Strait.
Goldfish are pet fish that live in bowls or aquariums.
Premature ejaculation  is a condition affecting many men.
A witch is a person, often a woman, who practices witchcraft.
The West Bank is a piece of land in the Middle East.
Jan Hus/John Huss'", born circa 1369 in Husinec, Bohemia  was a Bohemian religious thinker and reformer.
Konstanz  is a university town with a population of around 80,000, on the shore of Lake Constance in the south-west corner of Germany, bordering Switzerland.
All these animals belong to the Felidae family.
Instant messaging  is a form of communication between two or more people based on typed text.
America Online  is a U.S.-based online service provider and Internet service provider run by Time Warner.
Youssef Rzouga is a Tunisian poet, born on March 21 1957 in Mahdia,Tunisia.
A mailman or mail carrier is a person who brings people their postal mail.
The Chinese postman problem is a mathematical problem of Graph theory.
The four color theorem is a theorem of mathematics.
A theorem is a proven idea in mathematics.
Triceratops  meaning "three-horned face", because it had three horns  was a herbivorous dinosaur genus from the Latest Cretaceous period.
The Border between two regions is the thin line, where one region is next to the other.
In taxonomy, when scientists talk about a genus  of animals, they mean several closely related species of those animals.
The Cretaceous period is one of the periods of the geological time scale.
A textbook is a book someone uses to learn.
An Axiom is a statement of logic.
A set is a concept from mathematics.
The Maldives are a group of islands in the Indian Ocean.
The Prime Minister of Australia is the leader of the Australian government.
Centuries: 11th century - 12th century - 13th century Decades: 1140s 1150s 1160s 1170s 1180s - 1190s - 1200s 1210s 1220s 1230s 1240s Years: 1190 1191 1192 1193 1194 1195 1196 1197 1198 1199 .
The structure of an object is how the parts of it relate to each other, or how it is "put together".
Hardcore Punk  is a style of punk music that usually sounds louder, faster and more angry than earlier punk rock music from the 1970s.
Limestone is a chemical sedimentary rock, made up mostly of the mineral calcite .
The roots of a plant is the part that is buried in the soil.
Piero Gobetti  was a young journalist, intellectual, and radical liberal person.
Manama is the capital city of Bahrain.
Protists are unicellular  plant or animal organisms that are usually microscopic and therefore invisible to the naked eye.
"The Apple Dumpling Gang" is a Disney movie from 1975, in which three orphan children find gold during California's Gold Rush.
Centuries: 1st century BC - 1st century - 2nd century Decades: 40s BC 30s BC 20s BC 10s BC 0s BC - 0s - 10s 20s 30s 40s 50s Years: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 .
Quentin Tarantino  is an American filmmaker.
The Leander class frigate or Type 12M is a type of ship that was used by the Royal Navy.
A spacecraft is a vessel that can safely move people and cargo outside the Earth's atmosphere, through space to other planetary bodies, space stations, or orbits.
Acoustics is the study of sound.
Public finance is the study of how the government raises funds and spends its money, and their economic effect.
A budget is an account of the estimated revenue and estimated expenditure within a fiscal year.
Indirect taxes are taxes that can be shifted from the party being taxed to a third party.
Erode is a city in Tamil Nadu, India.
Sky Sports is a group of 9 channels - Sky Sports 1, Sky Sports 2, Sky Sports 3, Sky Sports Xtra, Sky Sports News, Sky Sports HD 1, Sky Sports HD 2, PremPlus and At the Races.
Rhetoric is the science of how to speak well.
Hamas  is a Palestinian Islamist Sunni organisation.
A suicide attack is an attack where the attacker  plans on killing people while also dying in the process.
A LASER  is a machine that makes a very intense beam of light.
NBC, whose letters once stood for The National Broadcasting Company, is an American television network that started in 1926 as a radio station.
Thiruvananthapuram , is the capital city of the Indian state of Kerala.
"Animal Farm" is a book by George Orwell.
"Miso" is a thick paste.
Miso soup  is a traditional Japanese soup.
Wakame  is a type of edible kelp.
Kelp is a type of seaweed.
Tofu, sometimes also called doufu  or bean curd , is a food made by coagulating soy milk, and then pressing the resulting curds into blocks.
Soy milk  is a milk-like product made from soybeans.
Dashi is a simple soup stock used in Japanese cooking.
The shiitake mushroom , also known as Chinese black mushroom or black forest mushroom, is an edible mushroom typically grown on the shii tree.
Soy sauce  or soya sauce is a fermented sauce made from soy beans , roasted grain, water and salt.
A bowl is a container for food.
The Oktoberfest  is a German festival that takes place on the Theresienwiese, a public place in the center of Munich.
"Tomb Raider" is a computer and video game series.
A hot dog  is a type of food.
Constipation is when it is very hard to get rid of digested food waste .
A kernel is the central part of an operating system.
Ulm is a city in Germany, in the state of Baden-Württemberg.
People say a country is landlocked if it does not have access to any oceans or seas.
Kyrgyzstan , formally the Kyrgyz Republic, and sometimes known as Kirghizia, is a country in Central Asia.
Kebab  means "grilled  meat" in Persian and Turkish.
Halaal  is an Islamic Arabic term meaning "permissible".
Surat is a city in Gujarat, India.
Kanpur is a city in Uttar Pradesh, India.
An internet portal or web portal is a website used to enter the Internet.
Humanism is a series of philosophies that affirm the dignity and worth of all people, based on what one can do to prove if something is right in the name of humanity.
The Guardian is a British newspaper.
Algae  is a family of  simple organisms.
Kelp forests are a type of marine ecosystem that is present around colonies of kelp; they contain rich biodiversity.
Symbiosis (pl.
Al Ain  is a city in the United Arab Emirates.
Jutland  is a peninsula in northern Europe.
A plebiscite or referendum  is when a country  asks the people a certain question on political issues that will affect the country.
Dubai or Dubayy  in English refers to either The ruler of Dubai was the late H.H.
An exclave is strip of land that belongs to a political entity  but that is not connected to it by land .
In general use, an enclave can be any special area of a bigger area of land, such as a part of a city that has different taxes than the rest of the city.
A panhandle is a word used in geography.
A new town, planned community, or planned city is a kind of city that is designed by architects and engineers before it is built.
A park is an open place in a city or town for nature.
A pond is a body of water smaller than a lake.
A swan  is a kind of water bird, from the genera Cygnus and Coscoroba.
A pupa  is part of becoming an adult for some insects, like some butterflies, moths, beetles, flies, and bees.
Goose  is the general English name for a large number of birds, belonging to the family "Anatidae".
Ovaries  are organs found in female organisms.
Axe  is an ancient tool used to shape, split and cut wood.
A rhinoceros  is any of five living species of mammals in the family Rhinocerotidae, of the order Perissodactyla.
Alcoholic proof is a measure of how much ethanol there is in an alcoholic drink.
"Acetobacter" is a kind of bacteria.
The Archbishop of Canterbury is the spiritual leader of the Church of England and the Anglican Communion.
Ethanol, also known as ethyl alcohol or grain alcohol, is a flammable, colorless chemical compound, one of the alcohols that is most often found in alcoholic drinks.
The boiling point of a substance is the temperature at which the substance boils, or enters a state of rapid evaporation.
Uses.
The Euclidean algorithm is an algorithm which can be used to find the greatest common divisor of two numbers.
A eukaryote , also spelled eucaryote, is an organism with complex cells.
Unicellular organisms are organisms that only have one cell.
When people talk about multicellular organisms, they mean organisms that has more than one cell.
Kazan State University is a university located in Kazan, Tatarstan, Russia.
The New World is a name given to the lands and islands discovered by Christopher Columbus.
Rabbits are mammals of the order Lagomorpha.
Louis Pasteur  was a French microbiologist and chemist.
Akrotiri and Dhekelia are two areas on the island of Cyprus that are used as military bases of the United Kingdom.
A transcontinental country is a nation that is on more than one continent.
Kurów is a village in South-Eastern Poland, which is near Puławy and Lublin, on the Kurówka River.
Scorpions are eight legged venomous arachnids.
John Richard Schlesinger CBE  was a British film director.
Landjäger  is a type of German sausage.
The Gilbert and Ellice Islands were a British protectorate from 1892 and colony from 1916.
Casablanca  is a city in western Morocco, located on the Atlantic Ocean.
Bhavani River is a river in Tamil Nadu, India.
Flatulence is when gas is expelled from the body.
Computability theory is part of computer science.
Batman is a city in southeast Turkey.
A typewriter is a machine.
Animals that are active during the night are called nocturnal.
Censorship is when someone, often a government, does not allow certain things to be published.
Częstochowa is a city in south Poland on the Warta River.
A Voivodeship is one of 16 different divisions of land in Poland.
Centuries: 1st century BC - 1st century - 2nd century Decades: 0s - 10s - 20s - 30s - 40s - 50s - 60s - 70s - 80s - 90s - 100s 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 "This is an article about the years 50 AD to 59 AD.
Volleyball is a sport with six players on each team, separated by a net.
Twilight means either dawn  or dusk .
The Great Depression was a time when the economy in the United States and throughout the world was extremely bad.
Delhi is a territory in India.
The European Central Bank is the main bank of the European Union.
Friendship is having have a good relationship with someone, a friend.
The clitoris is a female genital organ that includes erectile tissue, glands, muscles and ligaments, nerves, and blood vessels.
The Berlin Wall  separated the city of Berlin in Germany from 1961 to 1989.
Łódź is the second-largest city in Poland, with 776,297 inhabitants.
Kraków ; variant English spelling Cracow; in full Royal Capital City of Krakow, Polish: Królewskie Stołeczne Miasto Kraków'") is the one of the oldest and largest cities in Poland.
Portland, Oregon is the city that has the most people in the U.S.
A frame of reference is how one knows if an object is moving.
Broadway is a major street in New York City, USA.
The Schrödinger equation is a mathematical formula that physicists use to study quantum mechanics.
Pulau Run is an island in Indonesia.
Shinty a traditional game played in the Scottish Highlands.
Year 1680 was a leap year that started on a Monday when using the Gregorian calendar.
A hierarchy  is a way of ranking and organizing things or people.
Sultan is a name for some Islamic rulers or monarch.
India is divided into twenty-eight states, six union territories and the National Capital Territory.
The Finnish language is a Finno-Ugric language, a group of languages belonging to the Uralic language family.
A person sleeps when he or she is not awake.
Republic of Macedonia  is an independent state on the Balkan peninsula in southeastern Europe.
Anorexia nervosa is a mental health condition and an eating disorder.
Madness  is a word people use to describe different diseases of the mind.
Rabies is a viral zoonotic disease that causes acute encephalitis.
Tirana  is the capital city of Republic of Albania.
John Forbes Nash Jr.
Calisthenics is a series of "exercises" used to develop strength, power and balance or a repeated rhythmical exercise that uses the weight of the body as resistance or the systematic exercises for attaining strength-gracefulness or the practice of calisthenic exercises.
Mute is a lack of sound.
A wooden spoon is a spoon that can be made from wood, plastic or metal.
Table tennis, also known as Ping Pong , is one of the most popular sports in the world, with players in many countries.
Nayarit is a middle sized Mexican state which is located in the West coast of Mexico .
Mindanao is one of the three main island groups in the Philippines.
A Phylum  is the second highest rank used in the biological taxonomy of all organisms.
A knuckle, in anatomy, is where two bones join in the hands or feet.
Conduction in science is when energy moves from one places to another place.
A royal family is the family of a monarch .
A general election is an election, where all members of a country's parliament are up for election.
The United Kingdom 2005 general election took place on Thursday, May 5 2005.
Milenko Stefanović  is a famous Serbian classical and jazz clarinet player, and professor at the Faculty of Arts , Zvečan.
Flash memory is a memory storage device for computers and electronics.
Bottrop is a city in west central Germany, on the Rhine-Herne Canal, in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia .
Puducherry, which used to be called Pondicherry is a Union Territory of India.
The New York Yankees are a Major League Baseball team from New York City.
Terence David John Pratchett  OBE is an English author.
A critic is a person who reviews things like movies, books, and food to see if they are any good and if other people would like them.
Søren Aabye Kierkegaard , a 19th century Danish philosopher and theologian, is usually thought of as the first existentialist philosopher.
Despotism is a form of government that is controlled by one person or a small group of people.
Lakhadweep are group of islands in the Arabian Sea.
Daman and Diu is a territory in India.
A riding helmet, sometimes called a horse riding helmet, is a type of hat  made for people who ride horses.
Ketchup is a kind of thick, liquid sauce.
Dadra and Nagar Haveli is a territory in India.
A birthday is the day when a person was born.
Yi I  was a Korean Confucian scholar.
Sunrise is a Japanese animation company.
X-ray is part of the electromagnetic spectrum, with frequency higher than ultraviolet radiation.
A computed tomography  scanner is an X-ray machine that takes cross sectional images.
Hanoi  is the capital of Vietnam.
"The Chronicles of Narnia" is a series of seven fantasy books, written by British author C.
Asatru  is a religion which believes in the ancient Germanic spirits and Gods.
Otherkin are people who believe that part of them is not human inside.
Pedro Romeiras was a Portuguese principal ballet dancer born 3 July 1961, in Lisbon.
A bonfire or balefire is a large controlled outdoor fire made from bales of straw or wood.
Bic Runga  is a singer from New Zealand.
Sputnik , literally "traveling companion", or, not was the Soviet Union's first satellite program.
Carnival is a public celebration which takes place in many cities and towns in many countries around the world, in February or March each year.
Fasting is a kind of abstinence.
Walpurgis Night  is a holiday celebrated on April 30 or May 1, in Finland, Sweden, Estonia, Latvia and Germany.
Bird flu , is an illness caused by a virus.
The "Jyllands-Posten" Muhammad cartoons controversy is a controversy about a series of cartoons.
Blasphemy is a word that means "speaking badly about a religion", or "insulting a god".
Centuries: 11th century - 12th century - 13th century Decades: 1130s 1140s 1150s 1160s 1170s - 1180s - 1190s 1200s 1210s 1220s 1230s Years: 1180 1181 1182 1183 1184 1185 1186 1187 1188 1189 .
Brie is a type of soft cheese with a yellowish interior and a white layer on the outside of the cheese.
Charles Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord  was a French diplomat.
Pasteurization  is a process of making foods spoil less.
Soft cheese  is cheese that does not get heated during production.
A cult is a religious group of people.
The Cult is a English rock band.
James Albert Michener  was an American writer.
The War of 1812 was fought between the British Empire and the United States from 1812 to 1815 on land in North America and at sea.
Chandigarh, also called "The Beautiful City", is a city in India.
"A Convection current" is caused by the expansion of a liquid, solid or gas due to its rise in temperature.
A chipmunk is a small squirrel-like rodent.
Retired Major General Vicente M.
Piccio is an Italian surname.
Donald Duck is one of the most popular cartoon characters in the world.
Montevideo is the capital and the largest city in Uruguay; it was founded by the Portuguese in 1717.
Esther is the name of a book in the Tanakh  and the Old Testament, and also its title heroine.
Clay is a type of soil that is sticky to touch.
The rifle is a gun with a stock to brace against the shoulder and a barrel with twisting grooves.
Most Protestant Christian religions call the deuterocanonical books "the Apocrypha".
A sidekick is someone who regularly travels with, and helps, another person.
The Nicobar Islands are an island chain in the eastern Indian Ocean.
The Andaman and Nicobar Islands is a union territory of India.
Kazan  is the capital city of Tatarstan and one of Russia's largest cities.
A tornado is a tube of spinning air that touches the ground.
A hard disk or hard disk drive  or hard drive, is something used by computers and other electronic devices to store information.
A magnet is a very special metal.
Manufacture is when people make things.
A by-product is something that is made or produced while a product is manufactured in a factory.
Toxic waste is any sort of waste that is harmful to people, plants, or animals, but usually it is said about waste that hurts people.
Space Runaway Ideon is an animated television series from 1980.
Comic books are books with comics, with pictures that make a story.
Spider-Man is a character in a comic book made by Marvel Comics.
Peanuts was a comic strip made by Charles M.
Eddie Cantor  was an American comedian, singer, actor, songwriter.
"Days of Our Lives" is a popular, TV show on the NBC television network, it is one hour long and is broadcast during the day.
The recorder is a musical instrument that is a type of flute.
Antoine-Joseph  Sax  was a French inventor , best known for inventing the saxophone.
Unforgiven is a 1992 western movie directed by and starring Clint Eastwood.
Bucharest is the capital city of the country of Romania.
There are also some small Brazilian cities called "Tocantins".
An avalanche is a phenomenon of nature.
Foot is a unit of measurement of length .
An acre is an English unit of area, which is also used in the United States and some Commonwealth countries.
The Erfurt massacre was a series of shootings that happened at the Gutenberg Gymnasium in Erfurt, Germany, on April 26, 2002.
The Gymnasium is a form of higher education in Western Europe, especially in Germany.
Huascarán is the highest mountain in Peru, and the fourth-highest mountain in South America.
Australian rules football is a sport created in Australia.
The Australian Football League  is the Australian national league in the sport of Australian Rules Football.
Urbain Grandier  was a free-thinking cleric.
A stake is a long wooden pole.
Armand Jean du Plessis, better known as Cardinal Richelieu  was a French clergyman, noble, and statesman.
Belaying is a way to hold and control a rope for a person who is rock climbing.
Part of the AFI 100 Years...
South Vietnam is a former country, located in the south of present-day Vietnam, that existed from 1954 to 1976.
Robert Ludlum  was an American writer.
Centuries: 11th century - 12th century - 13th century Decades: 1120s 1130s 1140s 1150s 1160s - 1170s - 1180s 1190s 1200s 1210s 1220s Years: 1170 1171 1172 1173 1174 1175 1176 1177 1178 1179 .
The Arabs  are an originally Arabian ethnicity widespread in the Middle East and North Africa.
A Mebibyte is a unit of measure.
Clergy are people who have an office in a Christian church or other religion.Clergy would also give the king advice on war.
Acre is a state in the North Region of Brazil.
The roller coaster  is a kind of amusement ride.
The Zimbabwe dollar is the currency for Zimbabwe.
Bahia is a state in the Northeast Region of Brazil, on the Atlantic Ocean coast.
Body modification  is when a person changes their body in a way that lasts forever or for a long time.
Serial killers are people who murder several people at different times .
The World Wide Fund for Nature  is an international environmental organization based in Switzerland.
Deforestation is when forests are lost because people want to make farms and cities.
Scuba Diving is a sport where people  can swim underwater for a long time, using a tank filled with air.
A capillary is a single celled blood vessel.
Viriato Clemente da Cruz, an Angolan poet and politician, was born in 1928 in Kikuvo , Angola and died in Beijing, China on 13 June 1973.
Molluscs or mollusks are invertebrate animals.
A sponge is a very simple kind of animal.
A kibibyte is a unit of information or computer storage.
The amplitude or peak amplitude of a wave is a measure of how big its oscillation is.
Ska is a kind of popular music from Jamaica that was developed in the 1950s.
The braille system is a way of writing things.
A switch is a something that changes the flow of a circuit.
Sir Francis Bacon KC was an English philosopher, statesman, and author.
Sled dogs, known also as sleigh dogs, sledge dogs or sleddogs are types of dogs that are used to pull a wheel-less vehicle on runners  over snow or ice, by means of harnesses and lines.
The Overland Expedition, also called the Overland Relief Expedition or Point Barrow-Overland Relief Expedition, was a long trip in 1897–8, by three officers of the United States Coast Guard (then named the "U.S.
Number theory is a part of mathematics.
Tear gas is the name for a number of chemical compounds.
Kaba Ma Kyei, which means "Until the World Crumbles", is the national anthem  of Myanmar.
Yangon, also known as Rangoon, is the largest city in Myanmar.
Pyinmana is a small town in Mandalay Division of Myanmar.
A kyat  is a kind of money used in Myanmar.
Burmese  is a language spoken in Myanmar.
Danielle Fernande Schuelein-Steel  is an American writer.
A coat of arms is a design painted on a shield.
A spear is a weapon used in Antiquity and the Middle Ages.
A hat is a type of covering for the head.
Postage stamps or just Stamps are pieces of paper with sticky stuff on the back.
Czechoslovakia  was a country in Europe that existed from 1918 until 1992.
William Randolph Hearst  was an American newspaper magnate, born in San Francisco, California.
Joseph "Joe" Pulitzer  was an American publisher.
Horace Greeley  was an American newspaper editor, reformer and politician.
Arachnida is a group of invertebrate animals.
Arthropods  are a group of invertebrates, for example centipedes, millipedes, insects, arachnids, and crustaceans.
The University of Alabama is a university in the U.S.
A buttercup is a kind of flower.
Gomaespuma is a radio show, presented by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
An engineer is a person with a university education in engineering.
Division by Zero is a problem of number theory that does not allow a number to be divided by zero.
Flamenco pa tos is a Spanish festival of Flamenco music.
Peter the Great  was a czar of Russia.
In music, a note is a small bit of sound, similar to a syllable in speaking a language.
Calabria is a region of the south of Italy.
WordPress is a piece of software used inside blogs.
The name outback describes the remote areas of Australia.
Marske by the Sea is a village in the borough of Redcar and Cleveland in England.
PayPal is a website that allows money to be transferred between various email addresses.
George Orson Welles  was an American director of movies and the theatre, as well as an actor, screenwriter, broadcaster and producer.
Slobodan Milošević  was a Serbian, Yugoslav leader.
A gymnosperm is a type of seed-bearing plant.
Spanish flu , 1918-1919, was a bird flu .
Brock  is a fictional character from the Pokémon video games, Manga and television series.
The "Zetland" was a lifeboat in Redcar, England, and is the oldest lifeboat in the world which still exists.
Silba is an island in Croatia.
Iam Fleming was a British author best known for writing the James Bond stories.
Ivysaur is a fictional type of animal from the Pokémon video game and anime series.
Events.
"Raiders of the Lost Ark", also known as "Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark", is an adventure film that came out in 1981 from Paramount Pictures.
Ash Ketchum is a character from the "Pokémon" video games and anime.
A World's Fair is a large exhibition of industry and culture.
The Métis , also known as Bois Brule, mixed-bloods, or Countryborn , are one of the three divisions of Aboriginal peoples in Canada according to the Canadian government.
Courteney Cox  is an American actress.
The UEFA Champions League is a football competition between the best club teams in Europe.
The FA Cup is a national football competition between all league clubs in England.
Old Trafford is a football stadium in Manchester in England.
A stadium is a building in which lots of people may watch an event.
A disaster is the something very bad that happens to people and almost always changes their lives completely.
Robert Gordon "Bobby" Orr  is a retired Canadian ice hockey defenceman.
"The Muppet Show" is a variety television series.
Eras and population estimates.
Valencia, Valencian Community, Valencian Country, Land of Valencia, or Region of Valencia is a Spanish autonomous community, in the east of the Kingdom.
Elx  or Elche  is the third biggest city in Valencia, and the second in the Alicante province, in eastern Spain.
Java is a programming language that can run on many different computers including mobile phones.
The eon  is a very, very long time.
The Bhagavad Gita is a holy book of Hinduism.
The Upanishads are some of the sacred books of the Hindu people.
A Concert is a performance in which a musician or many musicians play music together to a group of listeners .
Palm trees are a family of plants.
The Bailiwick of Jersey is a territory belonging to the British Crown in the Channel Islands and includes the islands of Jersey, Minquiers and Ecréhous.
The Bailiwick of Guernsey is a territory belonging to the British Crown in the Channel Islands.
Alderney is one of the Channel Islands in the English Channel between England and France.
Hera is a goddess of love and marriage in Greek mythology, and is one of the Twelve Olympians.
A mirror is something that reflects light.
A space probe is an unmanned space mission, usually a small spacecraft sent out to find out information about a planet.
"Blue's Clues" is a television series for young children that airs on Nickelodeon's Nick Jr.
The Ford Motor Company  is an American company that makes cars.
A Rastafarian  is a member of the Rastafari movement.
John Constable was a famous English painter and artist.
Alyssa Milano  is an American actress.
"A Beautiful Mind" is a book and an Academy Award-winning movie .
The McGurk effect shows how hearing and vision are used for speech perception.
Joseph Mallord William Turner was an English painter and artist.
A mug is a container for liquids.
Claude Monet was a French painter and artist.
Video is a technology.
Exodus is the second book in the Torah, or Books of Moses.
Stretching is a word used to describe a kind of body modification.
The Chernobyl accident occurred on April 26, 1986 at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant in Pripyat, Ukraine.
Prypiat  is an abandoned city in northern Ukraine.
Thyroid cancer is cancer of the thyroid gland.
A Containment building is a building with a nuclear reactor in it.
Chernobyl  is a city in northern Ukraine, near the border with Belarus.
Klaus Wowereit  is a German politician.
The Sino-Soviet Split happened when China's leader, Mao Zedong didn't want to be friends with the Soviet Union anymore.
Animals are awake for some hours each day or night.
Liu Bei  was the founder of the Chinese Shu Han dynasty and its first emperor.
Cao Cao  was a Chinese general.
Zhang Fei  was a warrior in ancient China.
Dong Zhuo  was a reckless general in ancient China.
Sun Quan  was an ancient Chinese warlord and founder of Eastern Wu in 222.
A conference is an event where people get together to discuss things.
A pasture is a piece of land.
One Hectare is a unit of measurement.
Zhuge Liang  was a Chinese politician and general of the ancient Shu Han Dynasty.
A wavelength is the length of the shortest repeating part of a "sine wave".
Francis Scott Key  was an American lawyer and poet.
Latex is the sap of a certain type of tree.
A drum is a musical instrument that is struck with the hands or with a drum stick .
Pashupatinath is one of the most sacred temples of Hindu.
One of the many examples is the importing of rabbits to Australia.
The olive tree is a small tree.
Hello is a word used as a greeting in English.
Annexation  means one territory is being merged with another.
Manchuria is the homeland of the Manchu people .
Tuva is part of Russia.
The Senkaku Islands or Diaoyu Islands  are also known as Pinnacle Islands.
Ryukyu Islands  or Nansei Islands  are a chain of islands located between China and Japan.
"World Youth Day " is a gathering  of young Catholic people.
Internationally King Carl XVI Gustav is best known for presenting the Nobel Prizes every year.
"Age of Empires III" is a 2005 computer game made by the company Ensemble Studios.
The Bank of China Tower  is one of the most well known skyscrapers in the central parts of Hong Kong.
Ulaanbaatar, or Ulan Bator, is the capital and largest city of Mongolia.
Pyŏngyang  is the capital and biggest city in the Asian country North Korea.
International Business Machines Corporation  is a big company from the United States that makes and sells software, computer hardware, infrastructure services, and consulting services.
In Christianity, Mary ; Septuagint Greek Μαριαμ, Mariam, Μαρια, Maria; Syriac: Mart Maryam) was the mother of Jesus.
"Quake" is a violent first-person shooter computer game that was released by id Software on July 22, 1996.
A kunya  is a name which is honorably given to the mother or father an Arabic child.
Zen is a name for Mahāyāna Buddhist schools.
Lowland Scots, sometimes called simply "Scots" or sometimes "Lallans", is spoken in some parts of Scotland, mainly in the south and east, and Ulster in the north of Ireland.
Scottish English is the form of the English language spoken in Scotland.
Analysis is about limits.
Locust is a kind of grasshopper which forms swarms.
A grasshopper is an insect.
Olive oil is a vegetable oil.
An oil lamp is a lamp used for lighting.
Conjugations are forms of verbs that are changed to agree with the subject that is doing the action described by the verb.
Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk  was the first president of Czechoslovakia.
Arachne is a character from Greek mythology.
Arachnophobia is a fear of spiders.
Zita Dieseru  11:34, 9 December 2008 —11:34, 9 December 2008 Zita Dieseru A phobia is a strong fear of something.
John le Carré is the author of many spy novels.
A sexually transmitted disease is a disease which generally spreads by sexual intercourse, including oral sex or anal sex.
The Atacama Desert is a desert.
Thirty is the number that is after twenty-nine and before thirty-one.
The International Atomic Energy Agency  is a spin-off organisation from the United Nations.
Roger Joseph Ebert  is a famous movie critic in the United States.
Seibersdorf is a village in Lower Austria, Austria.
The term Russian Revolution refers mainly to the Russian Revolution of 1917, which included the February Revolution resulting in the abdication  of Czar Nicholas II and the later Bolshevik revolt of Communism, the October Revolution, that had the royal family shot.
Baguettes are long thin loaves of bread popular in France, and other French-speaking countries.
Barometer is a instrument used to measure air pressure.
Nokia Corporation is a company that makes mobile phones.
Research is the process of finding facts.
The Electronic Entertainment Expo  or E3 is one of the biggest conferences for video games in the world.
Prince Edward Island  is a province in Canada.
When an antigen is introduced into the body it causes the production of antibodies.
Chaos is when something unpredictable, or random happens.
Entropy is a concept from information theory.
The Spice Girls are a popular pop group formed in 1994.
Traffic cones  are cone-shaped markers, generally made out of plastic, that are placed on roads to temporarily redirect automobile traffic in a safe manner.
Agatha Christie  was an English writer of crime stories.
¹ Although this is the usage preferred by several standardisation organisations, multiple symbol and capitalisation variants are used in many documents, so the context must be used to determine the meaning.
Dr.
Diego Velázquez  was a Spanish painter, the leading artist in the court of King Philip IV.
Kinshasa is the capital city of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
The Great Barrier Reef is the world's largest coral reef.
The Missouri Compromise, also called the Compromise of 1820, was a plan proposed by Henry Clay of the U.S.
A peafowl is a kind of bird of the "Phasianidae" family.
A manager is a person who "manages" or is "in charge of" something.
The dachshund is a breed of dog.
Karachi is the largest city and the "National City" of Pakistan and the capital of the province of Sindh.
Transliteration is how writing is changed from a writing system or alphabet to another, while making each sound stay the same.
Taoism or Daoism is a type of belief.
An adjustment is when something is changed in a small way.
Poverty is not having enough money to have basic needs like food, water, shelter, or toilets.
A cabin is a small building where people live.
The British Empire was a global power that contained territories owned by the United Kingdom.
Chimbote is the largest city in the Ancash Region of Peru.
A tram  is a passenger vehicle that is like a light train.
Fast food is the term for a kind of food that people eat from a restaurant where you get what is called "junk food".
Scott Joplin was a well-known ragtime musician and composer.
Propane is an alkane .
The flag of Japan shows a red sun  in the middle of a white field.
Nationalism is an ideology that says that every ethnic group of humans should be free to rule itself.
Drought is when not enough rain falls for a long time.
Deafness is when someone cannot hear or cannot hear well.
The Liver birds are two large and famous bronze metal birds on top of a building - the Liver Building - in the city of Liverpool, England.
A demonstration is an event where people do something to let others know what they think and to try to change people's point of view.
The Chartists were people who wanted to get more rights for working class people in the mid-19th century.
A movie theatre, often spelled "theater" because many people consider "theatre" to only mean live plays, is a place where movies are shown on a big screen.
The KLF were a band from England.
Monounsaturated fats are found in food items, more particularly natural foods like nuts and avocados.
Polyunsaturated fats are fats that are usually found in items like vegetable oils.
"The North Avenue Irregulars" is a 1979 movie starring Edward Hermann.
Candleshoe is a 1977 Walt Disney Productions live action movie.
Hikaru Utada , is an American-born Japanese singer and songwriter.
The Scramble for Africa , from the 1880s until the start of World War I, was a time of much colonial expansion in Africa.
Centuries: 11th century - 12th century - 13th century Decades: 1110s 1120s 1130s 1140s 1150s - 1160s - 1170s 1180s 1190s 1200s 1210s Years: 1160 1161 1162 1163 1164 1165 1166 1167 1168 1169 .
Seaweed is a kind of algae that often looks like a plant.
A fairy tale is a fictional  story which has characters, animals and creatures from folklore; for example fairies, goblins, trolls, giants, or elves.
A game show is a program on television where people play a game for points, with the goal of winning money or prizes.
A genre is a style or type of music, literature , movies, and other media .
Kristy Swanson  is an American actress.
Octopus  is a kind of mollusc.
The Byzantine Empire  is the name given to the Roman Empire that existed during the Middle Ages.
The  is the modern name for a plucked seven-string Chinese musical instrument of the zither family.
São Paulo  is a state in the Southeast Region of Brazil.
A trolley is a small vehicle with wheels that can carry things.
Abuse is a term used for the "use" or "treatment" of something which causes hurt.
A mutant is a type of fictional character in a fictional universe created by Marvel Comics.
The urethra is a tube that connects the bladder to the outside of the body.
Stanislaw Lem  was a Polish science fiction writer.
A hostage is a person who is held captive against his or her will.
Intel Corporation  is a microprocessor company that was set up in the 1980s.
The Nintendo Entertainment System  is the first video game console made by Nintendo.
System of a Down is an American metal band.
Belarusian  is a eastern slavic language.
Kevin Norwood Bacon  is an American movie actor who has starred in "Stir of Echoes", "Wild Things", "JFK", and "Apollo 13", among others.
Kyra Sedgwick (b.
The Treaty of Versailles was a treaty to make peace between the five nations France, Germany, Britain, Austria and the United States after World War I.
Saint-Pierre and Miquelon  is a French overseas collectivity.
Fifty is the number that is after forty-nine and before fifty-one.
Rzeszów  is city in the south-east part of Poland with a population of 170,722 .
Houston is a large city in the United States.
Polynesians are native people from islands in Polynesia, including Hawaii, Tahiti, Samoa, and Maoris in New Zealand.
Colonialism occurs when a country  takes control of other lands, regions, or territories outside of its borders  by turning those other lands, regions, or territories into a colony.
"Hey Arnold!" is an American animated television show on the Nickelodeon network.
Diego Maradona is a former Argentine football player.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero  is the President of the Government of Spain.
The Electric guitar is a type of musical instrument.
Louise Brooks  was an American dancer and actress born on November 14, 1906 in Cherryvale, Kansas, USA.
Bangor is the 3rd-largest city in Maine.
Benjamin Peter James Bradshaw  is an English politician and the Member of Parliament for the Exeter constituency in the United Kingdom.
Eschelbronn is a village with 2597 people living there.
The Most Honourable Order of the Bath is a British order of chivalry.
The Kurds are an ethnic group found in Iraq, Iran, Syria, Armenia, Turkey and Lebanon.
A guerrilla is when civilians attack a regular Army.
In Christianity, a sacrament is a special rite.
St.
Canada is a country in the northern part of North America, bordering the United States of America.
Twenty is the number that is after nineteen and before twenty-one.
Forty is the number that is after thirty-nine and before forty-one.
Seventy is the number that is after sixty-nine and before seventy-one.
A gas giant is a large planet that has a solid core, but a very thick atmosphere.
The Democratic Republic of Vietnam , or less commonly, Vietnamese Democratic Republic , also known as North Vietnam, is a former country that existed from 1954 until 1976.
Set theory is a theory used in mathematics.
Bangor is a city name found in several countries.
A demo, in music, is the first version of a song or album.
Breton  is a Celtic language spoken in Brittany, in the north-west of France.
The Celtic languages are a language family inside of the Indo-European languages.
Salem is a district and a city in Tamil Nadu, in India.
A hunger strike is a way that people protest by not eating.
The Hermitage Museum  in St.
The Boeing 747 is an airplane from Boeing.
Richard Trevithick  was a English inventor and engineer.
Wasilla is a small city in the U.S.
Rantoul is a small village in the American state of Illinois.
Winter Springs is a city in Florida.
Frederiction is the capital city of New Brunswick, Canada.
Clearwater, Florida is a city in Florida, it is in the Tampa Bay area.
Sitka is a town in Southeast Alaska, United States.
Jordanhill railway station is in a suburb of Glasgow, Scotland.
The word googolplex is a number represented by the numeral 1 followed by a googol  zeros written out as 10^10^100.
Flint, or flintstone, is a kind of igneous rock, which means that it came from volcanic action inside the Earth.
Valley Center, Califoria is a suburb of in San Diego County, California.
Newbridge  is a town in County Kildare, Ireland.
Anaheim, California is a city in the United States.
A chair is a piece of furniture.
Hercules is a hero in Roman mythology.
Navigation is how ships or planes find their way from one place to another place.
Hercules is an animated Disney movie.
"The Karate Kid" is a 1984 American film starring Ralph Macchio and Pat Morita.
Crazy Horse  was a Oglala Sioux Native American leader.
He-Man and the Masters of the Universe was a cartoon series, that first came out in 1983.
Fantasia Barrino is an American singer.
Cabrillo Beach is a historic beach located in San Pedro, California.
Chulalongkorn University  is the oldest university in Thailand.
Khartoum is the capital of Sudan.
Konkani is a language from India.
A trench is a long, narrow ditch.
A trench coat  is a type of outdoor clothing.
A trumpet is a brass instrument used mainly in Classical music and jazz music.
A microwave is a kind of high-frequency radio wave.
A microwave oven  is a machine that cooks food using microwaves, a type of radio wave.
Cobalt  is a magnetic transition metal.
Canidae is a family of carnivorous and omnivorous mammals of the order Carnivora.
Nickel  is a magnetic transition metal.
A fox is a small mammal.
A food pyramid is a chart that can be used to see how many servings of each food should be eaten each day.
The torso is the part of the human body where the limbs are attached.
"Age of Mythology" is a real-time strategy computer game made by Ensemble Studios.
Mississauga, Ontario is the sixth-largest city in Canada.
Cambridge is a city in the U.S.
Year 1684 was a leap year that started on Saturday when using the Gregorian calendar.
Coyote  is an animal of the Canidae family.
Vole is a small mammal similar to a mouse.
An isthmus is a narrow strip of land, with water on either side, that connects two bigger landmasses.
Rodents are a group of mammals.
Titan is one of Saturn's 56 moons.
Computer numbering formats are the ways that computers and calculators represent numbers.
Columbus, Georgia is a town, in the U.S.
Carthage is an ancient city-state in what is now Tunisia.
Brockton is a town in Plymouth County in the U.S.
Rabat is the capital city of Morocco.
Duke Kahanamoku , was a Hawaiian athlete who is called the inventor of modern surfing.
Overland Park is a city in the U.S.
Bedford is the county town of Bedfordshire, England.
A pentomino is a 2D shape made out of 5 side-by-side equal-sized squares.
Ejaculation happens when the body shoots out fluid after it has been aroused or stimulated .
A team is a group of people who have a certain task to complete.
Emperor Showa is the name given to Hirohito after he died.
Human evolution is the theory by which scientists think that humans became a species .
Ancient Rome is the name for the civilization that started in Rome, in the 8th century BC.
Globalization is the way that local or national ways of doing things become global, that is, done together around the world.
North Holland is a province  of the Netherlands.
Folk music is music that is played or sung by ordinary people .
Abraham  is a character in the Bible.
Tao Te Ching  is the Chinese name of a book by a man named Laozi .
Bacon is a type of meat that comes from pigs.
The Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact was signed by Vyacheslav Molotov  and Joachim von Ribbentropp  on 23 August, 1939.
Vyacheslav Mikhailovich Molotov  (March 9 [O.S.
Babylonia was a state in Mesopotamia a long time ago.
Ulrich Friedrich Wilhelm Joachim von Ribbentrop   was Foreign Minister of Germany from 1938 until 1945.
Noise is another word for sound.
Karma is a word meaning the result of a person's actions as well as the actions themselves.
The Western Hemisphere is a geographical term for the half of the Earth that is located west of the Prime Meridian.
A molotov cocktail, also known as a petrol bomb, benzine torch, molotov grenade or a molotov bomb, is the generic name for different kinds of crude incendiary weapons.
Flammability or inflammability means that something can be set on fire easily.
Arson is a crime.
A Cocktail is a kind of mixed drink.
A sneeze is a reaction in the nose in which air and mucus  are forced out quickly.
Pumas , also called cougars or mountain lions, are large wild cats that live on the west coast of Canada, in the western half of the United States and Florida, and most of Central and South America.
Google Talk is a Windows application for Voice over IP and instant messaging, offered by Google.
Armour  is a protective covering or clothing used to try to prevent injury when being attacked.
North Star Computers was one of the earliest manufacturers of microcomputers.
Mario Bros.
An oval is a shape.
Risk is the possibility of something bad happening.
Focus is a word that means many things.
The pipe organ is a keyboard instrument in which the sound is made by air blowing through pipes.
The words Celt and Celtic can have many meanings.
The Manx language, , is a language spoken in the Isle of Man.
The Goidelic languages or Gaelic languages are a language family of the Celtic languages.
The Manx is a breed of domestic cat.
Agaves are succulent plants.
Applesauce  is a sauce that is made from stewed and mashed apples.
Charles Francis Richter  was an American seismologist, someone who studies earthquakes.
Charles II, who is sometimes called the Merry Monarch , was king of England, Wales, Ireland, and Scotland, from 1649 to 1685.
Crunk is a type of hip hop music.
A pimp is a man who controls one or more prostitutes, in order to make money from them.
An Asian is someone from Asia or someone with an Asian branch of ethnicity.
Vice versa is a Latin word meaning "the other way around." It literally translates to "with position turned." For example: the black vase goes on the white table and vice versa means the black vase goes on the white table and the white vase goes on the black table.
Allan Kardec  was a French philosopher and teacher.
Hyves is a website where people can have contact with friends online.
The sex organs, known scientifically as the genitalia or genitals, are the parts of the body that allow sexual reproduction  to take place.
Laurence Kerr Olivier  was an English actor in the 20th century.
Alexa is an Internet service that measures how many Internet users visit a website.
A poodle is a breed of dog.
Irish or "Gaeilge" is a language spoken in Ireland.
"Max and Ruby" is a 2002 animated television series.
The Apollo program  was a project by the United States' National Aeronautics and Space Administration .
NASA or the National Aeronautics and Space Administration is the part of the United States government that deals with space exploration and aeronautics, the operating and designing of planes.
Advaita Vedanta is a type of Hinduism.
The Parthenon is a temple in the middle of the Acropolis in Athens, Greece .
Neutral is a word that comes from Latin "ne-uter".
Physical anthropology deals primarily with looking at how the human body has changed over the course of time.
Jackals are canids found in Africa and Asia.
Milwaukee is the largest city in the state of Wisconsin and 22nd-largest in the United States.
Diogenes syndrome is a behavioral disorder.
The Marxists Internet Archive  is a volunteer based non-profit organization that has an Internet archive of Marxist writers and other similar authors  on their website.
The North Atlantic Treaty Organisation , also called the North Atlantic Alliance, the Atlantic Alliance, or the Western Alliance, is an international organization for peace and defense established in 1949, from the North Atlantic Treaty signed in Washington, D.C., USA, on April 4, 1949.
Felidae is a family of mammals, in the order Carnivora.
Andrei Dmitrievich Sakharov , was a Soviet nuclear physicist.
Year 1686 was a common year that started on a Tuesday when using the Gregorian calendar.
The 1st century is the century from 1 to 100.
"Equidae" is a family of odd-toed ungulate mammals.
Lynx is the name of four species of wild cats.
Shania Twain  was born in Timmins, Ontario, Canada.
The Grass Roots were a pop music group, popular in the 1960s.
Dionne Warwick  is a well known American R&B singer.
Barenaked Ladies are a Canadian band.
Paul Revere and the Raiders were a pop group who were popular in the 1960s.
Nintendogs is a video game for the Nintendo DS.
"Luigi Mario" is a video game character.
These goals can't all be in one RAID system at the same time.
Leonid Brezhnev was a leader of the Soviet Union.
Redundancy is a concept.
An approximation is a version of a piece of information that does not describe it exactly the right way, but is close enough to be used.
phpBB is commonly used, free computer software for forums.
The World Health Organization  is part of the United Nations , working on international public health, with headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland.
A jerboa is a small jumping desert rodent of Asia and northern Africa that resembles a mouse with a long tufted tail and very long back legs.
Aesop, or Æsop , known only for his fables, was by tradition a slave of African descent who lived from about 620 to 560 BC in Ancient Greece.
Olfaction is the sense of smell.
A teaspoon is a spoon used for stirring tea, measuring sugar, and playing games such as spoons.
Camembert is a village in France.
Camembert cheese, more generally known as Camembert, is a French soft cheese.
Shiva is one of the three main gods in Hinduism.
ASCII art is art made out of ASCII characters.
A riddle can be classed as a statement with a solution.
Novalis is the pseudonym of Georg Philipp Friedrich Freiherr von Hardenberg , who was a writer and philosopher of the early German Romanticism.
Body piercing or just piercing is the act of putting a hole in the skin of humans.
Elonka Dunin is an American woman who was born in 1958.
A supernova is when a very big star explodes.
Victorian is a term that usually means the time from 1837 to 1901 when Victoria was Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or something that was made in or done in a style of that time.
Bethlehem is a city on the West Bank in Palestine.
Disco is a style of pop music that was popular in the mid-1970s.
Prince Albert II  is the ruler of Monaco.
Reginald Ernest Warner or Rex Warner  was a classical English writer and translator.
Hugh Cook  is a Canadian writer.
Franz Boas  was a German-born American anthropologist.
The Zapotec are a native tribe of people from Mexico.
IMAX is a kind of movie projection system, which shows movies on a very large screen.
Esotericism is about secret knowledge for a small group of people.
Hugh Walter Gilbert Cook  is a science fiction author.
Jain Dharma is the way of life and the followers are Jains.
A sect is a small religious or political group that separates from a larger group.
The Caracal, also called Persian lynx or African lynx, is a wild cat.
True eels are fish with long, narrow, snake-like bodies.
An Easter egg is an egg, eaten and used for decoration during the Easter holidays.
Lemurs are primates related to the first monkeys and apes.
Good Friday is a holy day that Christians celebrate on the Friday before Easter.
The Archaea , also called Archaebacteria , are a major division of living organisms.
Jared Mason Diamond  is an American author and scientist.
The Iglesia ni Cristo   is a church which was made in the Philippines by Felix Manalo in 1914.
In some countries, a municipal court is a court with limited jurisdiction, both in people and laws.
Emma Goldman  was one of the most well-known anarchists from the late 1800s and early to mid 1900s.
Computer engineering is the science of making parts of electrical machines, like computers.
The Spanish Civil War  was a war in which the fascist Francisco Franco and his troops successfully took control of Spain.
Fyodor Ivanovich Tyutchev   was one of the most significant Russian poets.
Erythropoietin  is a hormone produced by the kidneys.
Anarcho-punk is a subculture that combines punk music and anarchist politics.
Hardware is the artifacts of a technology.
Slavs are the people who live in Eastern and central Europe.
Maharbal was Hannibal's cavalry-leader during the Second Punic War.
Hannibal  sometimes known as Hǎnnibal Barca) was a Carthaginian statesman and general.
The main difference between monkeys and hominoids is that monkeys almost always have tails, but hominoids never do.
Veganism is a philosophy that says people should not use animals in any way.
Necrophilia is when someone is sexually attracted to dead bodies.
The Strait of Magellan is a passage way from the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific.
Fenerbahçe is a sports club in Istanbul, Turkey.
Lake Tanganyika is large lake in central Africa.
"Pinocchio" is an animated movie made by Walt Disney.
Lubbock, Texas is a city in the United States.
Pearls are a kind of material made by mollusks, like oysters.
Warner Brothers (known officially as Warner.
A Quarter is a fourth or 25 percent of something.
If a country has freedom of religion, people there can either belong to any religion they choose, or belong to no religion; leave any religious group as well as join any religious group; take any peaceful religious actions their faith requires; and join with other people for religious purposes.
MDC are an anarcho-punk and hardcore punk band that started in Austin, Texas in 1979.
Optimus Prime is a fictional character from a television series and toy line.
There are comic strips in newspapers and on the web.
First ScotRail is the FirstGroup train operating company running domestic passenger trains within Scotland and the cross-border Caledonian Sleeper service to London.
A waste container  is a container, usually made of plastic or metal, used to store refuse.
The Vijayanagara empire is an Indian empire.
The Delhi Sultanate , or Sulthanath-e-Hind  / Sulthanath-e-Dilli  are the Afghan dynasties that were controlling India from 1210 to 1526.
The Hoysala Empire  was an Indian empire.
Macedon or Macedonia ) was an ancient kingdom in northern ancient Greece.
Burger King   is a fast food restaurant that sells foods, such as hamburgers, French fries, and soft drinks.
Lech Aleksander Kaczyński  has been the President of the Republic of Poland since 2005.
Argead dynasty was a dynasty of Macedonia, a kingdom in northern Greece.
The Antipatrid dynasty was a Macedonian dynasty.
The Antigonid dynasty was a Macedonian dynasty.
"Futurama" is an American animated television series.
Radar is a machine that uses radio waves to find other objects such as aircraft, ships, and rain.
GameSpot is a website that was created in June of 1996 by Pete Deemer, Vince Broady and Jon Epstein.
TV.com is a popular website owned by the CNET Games & Entertainment family of websites, which also includes GameSpot, GameFAQs and MP3.com.
Olive is a kind of muddy green color.
South Asia  is the south area of Asia.
Thermodynamics is a branch of physics that studies the movement of heat between different objects.
Brookhurst, Wyoming is a census-designated place in Natrona County, Wyoming, USA.
Bollywood  is a word which refers to the Hindi Language movie industry in India Origin.
Dinah Washington  was an American R&B and Jazz singer.
Robin Ward  was an American singer.
The adrenal gland is a part of most mammals' bodies, it is located near the kidneys.
Chiswick is a district in West London.
The Golden Girls is an American comedy television series.
Bark is the covering of the stems of woody plants, like trees.
Cowboy is a broad term for people who work on ranches.
Janet Reno  was the United States Attorney General from 1993 to 2001, under President Bill Clinton.
Alexander Palmer Haley  was an African-American writer.
Harold Robbins   was an American author.
Baptism is rite performed by most Christian churches and denominations.
The Shāng Dynasty  or Yīn Dynasty  (ca.
King Tang of Shang of China, in chinese:"湯", born Zi Lu, in Chinese:"子履"  was the first king of the Shang dynasty in Chinese history.
King Bu Bing of Shang of China', in chinese:"卜丙", born Zi Sheng, in Chinese:"子勝".
New Year's Eve is the holiday before New Year's Day, on December 31, the last day of the current year.
Chen Dynasty 陳朝  was the fourth and the last of the Southern dynasties in China.
Fighter aircrafts are small airplanes that are designed to fight other airplanes.
Aircraft carriers are warships that carry airplanes and other aircraft.
Edward Kasner  is an American mathematician .
The Bay of Bengal is a bay.
The Jubilee line is a line on the London Underground.
A medical emergency is an injury or illness that poses an immediate threat to a person's long-term health or life.
The United Nations also includes the Republic of India excluding Indian Occupied Kashmir.
Sprints are short running races in athletics.
Boxer is a dog breed.
"American Graffiti" is a 1973 movie directed by George Lucas.
Lake Vostok is the biggest of the seventy lakes in Antarctica that are under the ice.
Infrared  radiation is a type of electromagnetic radiation .
In 1994, the "Law on Territorial Organization and Local Self-Government" was created.
Brčko District is place controlled by Bosnia and Herzegovina instead.
Republika Srpska   is one of the two political parts that make Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Kenneth Branagh (b.
Charles V  was Holy Roman Emperor, King of Spain, Naples, and Sicily, and king of the Burgundian territories.
The Renaissance is a period in the history of Europe beginning in about 1400, and following the Medieval period, also known as the Middle Ages.
Lava is what people call molten, liquid rock that is above the ground.
Greenwich Village is an area on the western part of southern/downtown Manhattan.
Yoshiki is a famous Japanese musician.
Aragon  is an autonomous comunity in the north of Spain.
The Aragonese language is spoken in the north of Aragon.
Levi Eshkol   was the 3rd Prime Minister of Israel.
Sidney Sheldon  was an American screenwriter and novelist.
Sir Mackenzie Bowell, PC, KCMG  was the fifth Prime Minister of Canada from December 21, 1894 to April 27, 1896.
The Rugby World Cup is the most important competition in the sport of rugby union.
A ball bearing is a small ball, usually metal, that is part of one type of bearing.
The 1996 United States campaign finance scandal refers to possible efforts by the People's Republic of China to change United States politics before and during the Clinton Administration as well as the fund-raising activities of President Clinton and the U.S.
In hand-to-hand combat, in martial arts and sports, a kick is a blow with the foot, the knee or the leg.
Events.
Dresses for women.
Charles I of England  was the King of England and Scotland, of the House of Stuart, from 27 March 1625.
Pepin the Short or Pippin , often known as Pepin the Younger or Pepin III, was King of the Franks from 751 to 768.
"Sense and Sensibility" is a book by Jane Austen.
"Pride and Prejudice" is a book by Jane Austen.
"Emma" is a book by Jane Austen.
Chris Martin is an English singer for the band Coldplay.
Joseph Alberic Fiennes is an English actor.
Piracy is a crime that people do on ships which are at sea.
Wikibooks is a collection of free books.
Charles IX of France  was a King of France and a member of the house of Valois.
Henry III of France  was a King of France and a member of the House of Valois.
Constance of Arles  was the third wife of Robert II of France.
Queen Matilda of Boulogne  was the wife of Stephen of England.
Marie of Boulogne was the Countess of Boulogne from 1159 until 1170.
Margaret of Blois was Countess of Blois from 1218 until 1230.
Flanders  is a region in the north of Belgium.
Feta cheese , or simply Feta is a kind of cheese.
Sgt.
The Winter Palace  is a place in St.
The Standing's day gecko  is a type of gecko.
Charles VI, Holy Roman Emperor .
Pierre Elliot Trudeau  was the 15th Canadian Prime Minister during the 1970s , and then again from 1980 - 1984.
Jennifer Lynn López (also known as J.
Anne of Brittany  was a Duchess of Brittany.
A Ritual  is a set of actions people do.
Maria Theresa of Austria  was the only female head of the Habsburg Dynasty.
Marie Antoinette  was an Archduchess of Austria and a Queen of France and Navarre.
Charles-Louis de Secondat, Baron de La Brède et de Montesquieu , more commonly known as Montesquieu, was a French political thinker.
Aristocracy is a kind of government.
Poseidon is the god of the sea in Greek mythology and one of the Twelve Olympians.
Object-oriented programming or OOP is a paradigm of computer science.
In computer science, a message is a bit of data, which is sent by a sender, to a recipient.
Handball  is a team sport similar to football .
The Twelve Olympians are the most important gods of Greek mythology, who lived on top of Mount Olympus.
Alessandro di Mariano Filipepi, better known as Sandro Botticelli   was an Italian painter.
Hermes is the god of travellers and shepherds in Greek mythology.
Maia is the oldest of the Pleiades in Greek mythology and is the goddess of the fields.
The Pleiades are seven nymphs in Greek mythology, and companions of Artemis.
Medieval townspeople in western Europe during the period of the High Middle Ages needed protection from lawless nobles and bandits.
Imperialism is a policy  in which large or powerful countries hold control or authority over other regions or territories.
Heresy is a word used by different churches, It is used to describe someone, who has ideas that are different or the opposite from what the church officially says about what they believe in.
Cossacks  are a group of people in the southern land of Ukraine and Russia.
American Sign Language  is the most popular sign language for the Deaf in the United States, in the English-speaking parts of Canada, and in parts of Mexico.
Sign language is a language where hands, body movements, and faces are used to "talk" with other people.
Saint-Dié-des-Vosges is a city in the North East of France, located in Lorraine.
Rhodesian Ridgeback is a breed of dog.
A glove is a piece of clothing that covers a hand.
"Sky High" is a 2005 movie from Walt Disney Pictures, starring Kurt Russell.
Tales of Symphonia is a video game released in 2004 for the Nintendo GameCube.
The Protestant Reformation is a term used by people to describe a series of events that happened in the 16th century in the Christian Church.
A Christian sermon is a speech that a priest gives during a church service.
Sand is usually chipped off rocks.
Alsatian  is a German language spoken in Alsace .
Ian McEwan CBE, , is a British novelist .
Mahjong is a game for four players that came from China.
Ionia was a region in the west of Asia Minor in Ancient Greek times.
Interharmonics are ratios between one harmonic and another.
Harmonics is a short term for harmonics of a wave motion, or wave motion harmonics.
The Art Ross Trophy is given to the top scoring player each year in the National Hockey League .
A towel is a form of cloth or paper used for drying things.
South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands are an overseas territory of the United Kingdom claimed by Argentina.
A vein is a blood vessel running throughout the body.
Ottawa Senators is the name of two teams that have played ice hockey in the National Hockey League .
The Calgary Flames are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League .
The Edmonton Oilers are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League .
The Philadelphia Flyers are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League .
The Pittsburgh Penguins are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League .
The Conn Smythe Trophy is a trophy in the National Hockey League awarded to the most valuable player in the playoffs each year.
The Los Angeles Kings are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League .
The St.
A ratio between two quantities "A" and "B" is their fraction "A/B".
In common usage a fraction is any part of a unit.
A proportion is a relationship between two quantities or numbers.
Mitochondria  are organelles, or parts of a cell.
Menominee is a city in the U.S.
A mortar and pestle are two tools used with each other to mill  and mix substances.
1212 is a year in the 13th century.
Hiram E.
Walter Leland Cronkite, Jr.
"Dog Day Afternoon" is a 1975 movie.
A cursor is the on-screen arrow which the person using the computer controls using the computer mouse.
Kurt Gödel  was a logician, mathematician, and philosopher of mathematics.
The Tyrannosaurus was a big predator from the Cretaceous time.
Brno  is the second largest city in the Czech Republic.
David Hilbert  was a German mathematician.
Bertrand Arthur William Russell, 3rd Earl Russell, OM, FRS , was a Welsh philosopher, logician, and mathematician.
Alfred North Whitehead, OM  was an English mathematician who became a philosopher.
A mask is a type of clothing that someone can use to hide their face.
A holiday is a special day.
Spokane  is a city in the U.S.
The M16 is a rifle used in war by many different countries.
The foreskin is a fold of skin that covers the glands penis.
Sid Vicious  was an English punk musician.
The Wii  is a video game console made by Nintendo.
Joseph Strutt was an English engraver in 1749.
Patricia "Tricia" Nixon Cox was born on February 21, 1946 in Whittier, California.
Grocon Pty Ltd is a big Australian construction company based in Melbourne.
Głuchołazy  is a town in Poland, in Opole Voivodship, in Nysa County.
The Columbia River is a river in British Columbia, Canada, and the U.S.
A martyr is a person who died or was killed because of their religious beliefs.
Whittier is a city in Los Angeles, County, California, USA.
This is a list of German institutions.
This is a list of French institutions.
"EarthBound"  is a console role-playing game made by Ape, Inc.
"Mother"  was a video game sold only in Japan for the Family Computer .
"Mother 1 + 2" is a video game on the Nintendo Game Boy Advance which includes "Mother" and "Mother 2" .
"Mother 3" is a video game for the Game Boy Advance, made by Brownie Brown and HAL Laboratory.
"Cardcaptor Sakura" is a manga series from Japan.
When written with a capital A, Allies usually means those countries who fought against the Axis Powers  in World War II from 1939 to 1945.
Sunderland  in North East England was a county borough, and is now part of the City of Sunderland in Tyne and Wear.
Until 308 BC, Carthage was ruled, at least officially, by Monarchs.
Wilhelm Busch  - January 9, 1908 ) was a German painter and poet who is known for his satirical picture stories.
Electronic sports is the term for video games that are played competitively.
Marklohe is a small village in Germany.
A skunk is a mammal, usually black with a white stripe on its back and a fluffy tail.
In human beings, the cerebellum is one of the main divisions of the brain.
Sustainable development is a socio-ecological process.
Ribose is a five-carbon sugar.
Deoxyribose is the sugar component of deoxyribonucleic acid or DNA, having one less hydroxyl group than ribose, the sugar component of ribonucleic acid or RNA.
Sir Henry Royce was born March 27, 1863 and died April 22, 1933.
A seizure is when the nerves of somebody act strangely.
1236 is a year in the 13th century .
A profession is a job that a person has.
The International Nuclear Event Scale  is a system introduced by the International Atomic Energy Agency .
Hafnarfjörður  is a town in Iceland.
Bloomington is a city in McLean County, Illinois, USA.
Giverny is a village that was the temporary home of Claude Monet.
Fort Collins is a city in the U.S.
Silver Spring is a community in the U.S.
The Republic of Iraq is a Middle Eastern country in southwestern Asia.
A neutron star formed from some supernovas of massive stars.
A person's parents are the mother and father of that person.
Lee Hsien Loong is the current prime minister of Singapore.
Adam and Eve is a story from the Torah.
Ramadan is the Islamic month of fasting.
Caykur Rizespor is a sports club in Rize, Turkey.
Tenzing Norgay  was a Sherpa climber.
The Sherpa are an ethnic group in Nepal, who live in the higher parts of the Himalayas.
The Charlotte Eagles are a soccer club that plays in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Charlotte is the biggest city in the state of North Carolina and is one of the biggest cities in the United States.
The Carolina Panthers are an American Football team in Charlotte, North Carolina that play in the National Football League.
The Selgovae were a Brythonic tribe in Scotland, who lived in what is now the Borders.
Harrison Ford,  is an American actor.
The word pre-history comes from the Ancient Greek words προ = before and ιστορία = history.
The Roman Empire ruled much of Europe in ancient history.
KGB  is the Russian-language abbreviation for State Security Committee, .
The FSB  is a state security organisation in Russia.
Nicolaus Copernicus  was an astronomer.
A projection in geometry is something like a shadow, that an object casts onto another object.
Drizzle is the name given to light rain.
Lightning is a powerful electrical discharge produced during a thunderstorm.
Roseau is the capital city of the Caribbean island of Dominica.
An event is something that takes place.
Paint is the general term for stuff that is used to add colour to the surface of an object by covering it with a pigmented  coating.
Marcus Antonius  (ca.
Digg.com is a social news, sharing, discovering, bookmarking and rating information website.
A crossword is a popular type of word puzzle.
Robert Frederick Xenon "Bob" Geldof, KBE  is an Irish singer, songwriter, and political activist.
Bullseye is a game show hosted by Jim Bowen in the United Kingdom.
Coronation Street is the longest-running soap opera in the United Kingdom.
European plaice  is the name for a kind of fish.
In a group, a taboo is something that the group looks down on upon.
Flatfish are a type of fish.
In economics, a monopoly  is when a product or service can only be bought from one supplier.
Pluto is an fictional dog that belongs to Mickey Mouse.He is a golden-yellow mutt with a green collar.
An even number is an integer which is a multiple of two.
Mardi Gras  is a festival held two days before Ash Wednesday, signifying the end of the Carnival season and the start of Lent.
Røldalsvatnet is a lake in Odda, Hordaland, Norway.
Technorati is a search engine for weblogs.
Stuart is a city in the U.S.
Astoria is a city in the American state of Oregon.
"The Goonies" is a 1985 movie about of a group of children living in a part of Astoria, Oregon, USA called The "Goon Docks", who go on a search for a pirate's treasure, to save their neighborhood from being bought and destroyed.
"Press Your Luck" was an American game show that aired from 1983 to 1986 and later in reruns, and was hosted by Peter Tomarken.
Nepal Bhasa is a language.
Narcolepsy is a neurological condition.
"Danny Phantom" is an animated television series on the Nickelodeon cable network.
, also written Ahmadinezhad, , is the sixth President of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
A cane is stick from a piece of wood, or sometimes of metal.
Amazon.com is an online store that sells books, movies, games, DVDs, music CDs, computer software and other items.
The Summer Olympic Games or the Games of the Olympiad are an international sporting event which are held every four years by the International Olympic Committee.
Alpha Centauri is the brightest star system in the southern Centaurus constellation.
The last call bell is a bell found in bars.
The TGV , is a category of high speed trains.
Slur is to talk very fast and mix words together in doing so.
A caregiver, or carer, is someone who has the job of looking after people.
Binoculars are a kind of tool that lets people see far-away things more clearly, using a technology called optics.
An odd number is an integer which is not a multiple of two.
The tent is a movable, lightweight shelter which uses thinfabric to protect people from wind and rain.
A small house is often called a cottage.
The bullseye is the centre of a target , and the name given to any shot that hits the bullseye.
Alaska plaice  are salt water fish that live in the north Pacific Ocean.
Sleep paralysis is a condition.
American plaice  are salt water fish that live in the northwest Atlantic Ocean.
A spider web is a sticky net that spiders make from silk to trap their prey.
The World Series in Major League Baseball, is when the best team from the American League and the best team from the National League keep playing games of baseball until one of the two teams wins four games total.
Janet Damita Jo Jackson  is an American pop singer, dancer, actress, and songwriter.
Melissa Joan Catherine Hart  is an American actress.
Colleen Ann Fitzpatrick  is an American singer and actor.
Jamie Lynn Marie Spears  is an American actress and singer.
Opel, full name Adam Opel AG, is a automobile maker in Germany, founded in 1862.
"JAG"  is an American adventure, crime, and drama television show.
Burning is the process of combustion, a reaction between a substance  and a gas .
Photoshop is a popular image editing software package.
A finger is a body part that sticks out from the hand.
Bronze is a metal alloy that is usually created by combining Tin and Copper.
Flight, or flying, is to stay off of the ground for a period of time, or able to move through the air with wings.
The reindeer  is an even-toed ungulate mammal of the deer family.
Deer are a group of even-toed ungulate mammals.
An atomic mass unit is a unit of measurement that is used to measure the mass of atoms.
Cations are atoms that have lost electrons.
Anions are atoms that have gained electrons.
David is a statue that was made between 1501 and 1504 by Michelangelo.
Moses is a statue that was made by Michelangelo.
"The Birth of Venus" is a painting by Sandro Botticelli.
The Primavera is a painting by Sandro Botticelli, which was painted in about 1482.
Cupid, also called Amor , is the god of love in Roman mythology.
"The Creation of Adam" is part of a painting by Michelangelo in the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel.
Newbury is a small historical market town in Berkshire, England, with many buildings from the 16th century, the world famous Newbury racecourse, and the Lambourn horse training stables.
The Dvorak keyboard is an alternative way of putting letters on an English keyboard.
Microsoft FrontPage is a program made by Microsoft to help people make webpages and full websites.
A staff is a long wooden pole, often used in martial arts.
A martial art is any form of fighting that has a set way of practise.
Gonads are the ovaries and testicles.
Felix Mendelssohn-Bartholdy  was a German composer.
Watercolours are paintings whose colours are water-based pigments.
An expert system is a program running on a computer.
Hermann Hesse  was a German-Swiss poet, novelist, and painter.
The Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol is a protocol related to computers and networks.
A Protocol or Communication Protocol is like a language used for computers to talk to each other.
Aldi is a supermarket that can be found in Germany and in most parts of the European Union.
The Channel Tunnel   is a tunnel between England and France under the English Channel.
Katowice  is a city in Poland.
A mobile phone  is a little portable radio telephone.
Giorgio Napolitano  is the 11th President of the Italian Republic.
Robert Carlyle Byrd  is a current dean of the United States Senate.
Artemis is a goddess in Greek mythology, and one of the Twelve Olympians.
Apollon or Apollo is a god in Greek mythology, and one of the Twelve Olympians.
Nike is the goddess of victory in Greek mythology.
Cratos is the god of strength in Greek mythology.
Montagu Island is the largest island of the South Sandwich Islands.
Styx is the goddess of the river Styx in Greek mythology, which was the only female river.
Julius Henry Marx or Groucho Marx , was a famous American comedian.
Greek mythology is a large collection of stories, started in Ancient Greece, about the beginning of the world, and the lives and adventures of lots of gods, goddesses, heroes, and heroines.
This is a list of the gods and goddesses of Greek mythology.
Nyx was the goddess of the night in Greek mythology.
Hemera was the goddess of daylight in Greek mythology.
Aether was the god of light in Greek mythology.
The Keres are female death spirits in Greek mythology, and were the daughters of Erebus and Nyx.
Eris  is the goddess of strife and discord in Greek mythology.
Geras is the god of age in Greek mythology.
Hypnos is the god of sleep in Greek mythology.
Momus is the god of blame in Greek mythology.
Moros is the god of fate in Greek mythology.
Metis is the goddess of wisdom in Greek mythology.
Eos is the goddess of the dawn and a Titan in Greek mythology.
You can help Wikipedia by making this page or section simpler.
Leto is a goddess in Greek mythology.
Sioux Falls  is the largest city in the U.S.
Christopher Eccleston  is an English actor.
"Deliverance" is a 1972 drama movie made by Warner Bros..
"The Adventures of Robin Hood" is a 1938 movie.
Speed is a 1994 movie.
Ares is the god of savage war and bloodlust in Greek mythology.
Anna Kavan  was an English writer.
The word Voodoo, which has many different names and spellings  is the name of a West African religion.
Mercury is a god in Roman mythology.God of flight, theives, commerce and travelers.
Medusa is a monster from Greek mythology.
Olga Bondarenko  (b.
Hephaestus is the god of fire in Greek mythology, and one of the Twelve Olympians.
Vulcan is the god of fire in Roman mythology.
Tyche is the goddess of luck in Greek mythology.
Fortuna is the goddess of luck in Roman mythology.
Demeter is the goddess of farming in Greek mythology.
"This article is about the goddess for the dwarf planet see "Ceres' Ceres is the goddess of farming in Roman mythology.
Roman mythology is a large collection of stories, started in Ancient Rome, about the beginning of the world, and the lives and adventures of lots of gods, goddesses, heroes, and heroines.
This is a list of Roman gods and goddesses that are in Roman mythology.
This is a list of god versions in other mythologies.
Ancient history is history from when human history began until the early Middle Ages or the end of the Roman Empire in about 476 AD.
To reset something is to bring it back to its' original position, or starting point.
Andrzej Sapkowski  is a well-known Polish fantasy writer.
Staten Island is a borough of New York City.
A borough is an administrative division in many countries.
Echo was a nymph in Mythology, and an Oread .
Helios is the god of the sun and a Titan in Greek mythology.
Bia is the goddess of force in Greek mythology.
Zelus is the god of dedication and emulation in Greek mythology.
Mnemosyne is the Titan of memory in Greek mythology.
Harmonia is the goddess of harmony in Greek mythology.
President "pro tempore" of the United States Senate is the longest serving Senator from a major political party in the United States Senate.
David Tennant (b.
ABC  is an United States television network.
Fox is an United States television network.
ABC are the first three letters in the Latin Alphabet ABC could also mean: easy as 123 .
Papua New Guinea is a country near Indonesia and Australia.
James Strom Thurmond  was an American politician.
The Roman Forum is an area of the city of Rome which the ancient city developed around.
A playwright is a person who writes plays for the stage.
Iambe was the goddess of rhyme and merriment in Greek mythology.
The triangle is a musical instrument with three sides and curved corners.
Bernie Little  was the most successful owner in Unlimited Hydroplane racing history.
Perseus is a hero in Greek mythology.
Niccolò Paganini was a Italian composer and violin player.
Samer Kamal is a Jordanian athlete.
The violet is a genus of flowering plants.
Winnie the Pooh is a fictional bear created by A.
Centuries: 9th century - 10th century - 11th century Decades: 880s - 890s - 900s - 910s - 920s - 930s - 940s - 950s - 960s - 970s - 980s Years: 930 931 932 933 934 935 936 937 938 939 .
Aleksander Kwaśniewski  is a Polish politician.
"Viola sororia", also known as "Viola papilionacea", common blue violet, common meadow violet, and purple violet is a species of violets.
The NAND gate is a logic gate used to build digital logic circuits.
"Under the Rainbow" is a 1981 comedy movie starring Chevy Chase, Carrie Fisher, Eve Arden, Billy Barty, and Mako.
Gilli "िगल्ली" -danda "डन्डा" is a game played by children in India and Pakistan.
A hick is a term for an American stereotype.
Greenhouse gases reflect radiation from the Earth and stop it from being lost into space.
Omaha hold'em is a poker game, similar to Texas hold' em.
Leverkusen is a city near Cologne at the river Rhine in Germany.
Tocotronic is a German alternative rock band.
Bolesław Prus  was a Polish writer.
Centuries: 20th century - 21st century - 22nd century Decades: 1990s 2000s 2010s 2020s 2030s - 2040s - 2050s 2060s 2070s 2080s 2090s Years: 2035 2036 2037 2038 2039 - 2040 - 2041 2042 2043 2044 2045 The year 2040  in the Gregorian calendar corresponds to 5800 and 5801 in the Hebrew calendar.
 Wayne Mixson  is a retired American politician.
Neustadt an der Weinstraße is a city located in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Reubin O'Donovan Askew  is a retired American politician.
The Trabant  was a series of cars built in the German Democratic Republic.
Lindsay Dee Lohan  is an American actress and singer.
Postum is a drink first made by C.
Brok nad Bugiem  is a small town located in Mazowsze Voivodship, Poland.
Herb Alpert  is an American musician.
A Teddy bear is a popular and well-known toy.
Hangul is the alphabet used with the Korean language.
Lincoln Davenport Chafee  was a junior U.S.
Sascha Fischer  is a German rugby player.
Daniel Robert "Bob" Graham  is a retired American politician.
Ohio Wesleyan University is a private university in Delaware, Ohio and a member of the Five Colleges of Ohio.
Lakshmi is the goddess of money and good luck in Hinduism.
In Ancient Australia , the first people to live in Australia arrived between 42,000 and 48,000 years ago.
In Australian Aborigine religion, the Dreamtime, also called The Dreaming, had four parts: The beginning of everything; the life and power of the ancestors; the way of life and death; and power in life.
The Loch Ness Monster, sometimes called Nessie, is a mysterious and unidentified animal, that is said to inhabit the Scottish loch of Loch Ness, the second biggest lake in the country.
Southern rock is a kind of rock music from the Southern part of the United States.
Ostrów Mazowiecka is a main town of Ostrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, Poland.
100  is a common year of the Gregorian calendar.
Niue is an island country in the south Pacific.
The Master Race was an idea used by Adolf Hitler and others.
"The Last Supper" is a painting by Leonardo da Vinci.
Saint Thomas is one of the twelve apostles of Jesus.
Bartholomew the Apostle is one of the twelve apostles of Jesus.
Saint Matthew is one of the twelve apostles of Jesus.
Saint John was one of the twelve apostles of Jesus who is believed to have written the one of the four gospels of the New Testament of the Christian Bible that is named after him.
Peter  also called Simon  Peter is one of the twelve apostles of Jesus.
The Sistine Chapel is a large chapel in the Vatican Palace, the place in Italy where the Pope lives.
Pope Paul III , originally "Alessandro Farnese", was the last of the Renaissance popes.
Pope Sixtus IV , originally "Francesco Della Rovere", was pope from 1471 to 1484.
Pope Julius II , originally "Giuliano Della Rovere", was pope from 1503 to 1513.
Donato Bramante (c.
Alexandre Dumas  is a French writer.
The Beastie Boys are an American rap group.
Public Enemy is an American rap group.
"Macbeth" is a tragedy play by William Shakespeare.
"Love's Labour's Lost" is a comedy play by William Shakespeare which was written between 1588 and 1597.
"Titus Andronicus" (c.
"The Comedy of Errors" (c.
The Pieta is a statue by Michelangelo.
Raffaello Sanzio, usually known as Raphael  was a Renaissance painter and architect.
A non-governmental organization  is a group of people from different countries acting together, but not connected with the government of any country.
Wikipedia  is a free,open content encyclopedia project in many languages owned by the American organization Wikimedia Foundation, headquartered in San Francisco, California.
A conservation law is a statement used in Physics that says that the amount of something does not change in time.
Animal rights is a term used for the general belief that non-human animals have certain natural rights.
Aaron Benjamin Sorkin is an American screenwriter.
Centuries: 10th century - 11th century - 12th century Decades: 1010s - 1020s - 1030s - 1040s - 1050s - 1060s - 1070s - 1080s - 1090s - 1100s - 1110s 1059 1060 1061 1062 1063 1064 1065 1066 1067 1068 1069 1070 .
Aristophanes  was a Greek writer who wrote 40 plays.
The California Institute of Technology  is a major American research university in the city of Pasadena in the state of California.
A secret is a piece of information that one person or a group of people know, and do not want others  to know.
An oceanographer is someone who studies the ocean, its properties, and its characteristics.
The Chicago Cubs are a Major League Baseball team that plays in Chicago, Illinois.
The herpes simplex virus   is a virus.
Władysław Stanisław Reymont, born as Stanisław Władysław Rejment , was a well-known Polish writer, who won the Nobel Prize in 1924 for his four-volume epic novel "Chłopi" .
Introversion and Extroversion, made up by Carl Jung in the 1920s, is one theory that describes how a person gets energy from the world.
Sartell is a city in the U.S.
A sunset, which in some American dialects is called a sundown, is the time where the Sun goes below the horizon to the West.
Pop-Punk or Punk-Pop, is a form of popular music that blends punk rock with pop music and rock music.
Sheryl Crow  is an American singer and songwriter.
Ernest Evans  or Chubby Checker is a pop singer from the United States.
The Irish are an ethnic group who come from or came from the island of Ireland.Their are two countries on Ireland called the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
Achille-Claude Debussy  was a French composer.
P.O.D.
Differentials are the main focus of differential calculus.
A blackbird  is a type of bird.
Geta are traditional Japanese sandals.
Tabi are traditional Japanese socks.
Bydgoszcz is a city in the north of Poland, capital of Kujavia-Pomerania voivodship, located on the Brda and Wisła rivers.
The Mystery of Edwin Drood is the last novel of Charles Dickens.
Vientiane is the capital city of Laos.
A dome is a feature of architecture that usually looks like the upper half of a sphere on top of a building.
An address  is where somebody lives.
'Wa' meaning 'Japanese' and 'Taiko' meaning 'drum', 'Wadaiko' is the Japanese name given to both the act of drumming in a tradional Japanese style  or to the drums themselves.
A T cell is a type of white blood cell known as lymphocytes.
A biscuit is a type of food.
Electromagnets are magnets that are only magnetic when there is a coil of wire with electricity running through it.
Palau, officially the Republic of Palau, is an island nation.
A borderless country  is a country that is made up only of islands.
Cloth, also sometimes called fabric is an artificial material.
Llívia is Spanish exclave.
Monkey Island is a well-known adventure game series made and published by LucasArts.
The Port Arthur massacre was a mass killing that took place at Port Arthur, Tasmania, Australia.
The backpacker murders is when lots of people were killed in Australia from 1990-1996, and all of their bodies were found in Belangalo State Forest, which is close to Sydney.
Azaria Chamberlain is the name of a baby who went missing in 1980 near Ayers Rock in Australia.
Peter Falconio was an English tourist who went missing in Australia in 2002.
John Winston Howard  was the 25th Prime Minister of Australia.
Swedish  is a language mostly spoken in Sweden and in parts of Finland, especially along the coast and on the Åland islands.
Walter Mikac is an Australian writer and motivational speaker.
Martin Bryant  is an Australian criminal who killed 35 people in Tasmania in 1996, in the Port Arthur massacre.
Rugby League is a ball sport.
Dustin Hoffman  is a American actor.
Mark Brandon "Chopper" Read  was an Australian mobster who during his career in the Melbourne mafia scene, was convicted of many crimes, for example; armed robbery, assault and kidnapping.
Elle McFeast is a stage name used by comedian Libbi Gorr, who started off on a show with Andrew Denton about sport in Australia called "Live and Sweaty".
Elle Macpherson  is an Australian supermodel and actress.
Andrew Christopher Denton  is an Australian comedian and television presenter who likes to make fun of politics.
Rene Rivkin  was an Australian man who made much money by buying stocks and shares on the Australian stockmarket.
Eric Bana  is an actor from Australia.
African American Vernacular English  is a name for the way some black persons talk.
Joe Vialls  was an Australian Internet journalist and conspiracy theorist.
Tatts Group Limited, formerly known as Tattersalls, is the name of a company in Australia that helps people to bet money.
Tsukuba is a new town in Ibaraki Prefecture, Japan.
Narita is the international airport in Chiba,near the Tokyo, Japan.
The word monitor is a Latin word for "warner" or "suggester".
The chest is the front part of the torso between the neck and abdomen.
Axiology is the field of study under the broad scope of philosophy that studies ethical and aesthetic values.
Blackburn is a town in Lancashire, England.
The National Security Agency  is a part of the United States government.
Robert Pershing Wadlow  was one of the tallest people who ever lived.
Computers use codes, by changing letters into 1's and 0's.
The goaltender  in ice hockey is the player who defends his team's goal net by stopping shots of the puck from entering his team's net, thus stopping the other team from scoring.
Wikispecies is a sister project of Wikipedia, and so it is a wiki supported by the Wikimedia Foundation.
Lopp Lagoon is a tidal lake on Cape Prince of Wales  in the U.S.
The Welsh are people from Wales, a country in the United Kingdom.
The League of Nations was the predecessor to the United Nations it was the post second world war league but after failing to retain peace during the second world war it was abandoned and re-created as what is known to day as the United Nations.
The Audiolingual Method is a method for teaching foreign languages.
Montenegro is a country in Europe.
A solar eclipse happens when the Moon passes between Earth and the Sun.
Kate Fischer  is an Australian model and actress.
Alton is a city in Madison County, Illinois, in the United States.
Minneapolis is a city in Minnesota.
Saint Louis is a large and important city in the American state of Missouri.
See also.
Lt.
Sarasota is a city on the West coast of Florida, in the United States.
Paul Reubens  is an American actor and comedian.
Peekskill is a city in the U.S.
Małkinia Górna is a village in Małkinia Dolna Community, Ostrowian County , Mazowsze Voivodship, Poland.
John Caldwell Calhoun  was the vice-president for Andrew Jackson, an American President.
The pelvis  is a set of bones.
Cyprus Mail is an English language newspaper based in Cyprus.
A collision occurs when two objects come in contact with each other.
Belgrade is the capital city of the country of Serbia.
Puncknowle is a village in Southwest Dorset, England, United Kingdom.
A hydrogen economy is a hypothetical future economy in which the primary energy used for automobiles and other vehicles as well as creating electricity comes from hydrogen.
Brachiosaurus  was a herbivorous dinosaur genus that lived in the Late Jurassic period.
A barnacle is an animal.
An international organization is an organization .
Port Arthur is a small town on the Tasman Peninsula, in Tasmania, Australia.
Odysseus was a person in the Greek mythology.
Cast iron is an alloy of iron.
Incest is a term that refers to sex between people who are closely related.
The Canterbury Tales is a book of stories written by Geoffrey Chaucer in the 14th century.
Sweat is a liquid, mostly water , that comes from the body when it is hot.
"Adult Swim"  is a group of television shows for adults older than 17 that is shown on Cartoon Network.
WESC is a Swedish company.
Ozámiz is a city in the Philippines, in the province of Misamis Occidental.
Tillage is the process in which soil is loosened and softened by tillers or harrows pulled by a tractor or by a plough pulled by an animal or human.
Yarmouth could mean one of the following places.
Yarmouth is a town in the province of Nova Scotia in the country of Canada.
The spleen is a gland that works closely with the circulatory system.
The placenta is a temporary organ found in most female mammals while they are pregnant.
The Glorious Revolution was an event in the history of England in 1688.
Electromagnetism is the study of the electromagnetic field.
Acton is a town in the U.S.
Urbana is a city in the U.S.
William Edgar  Oddie  is a British comedian and television personality, he is most famous for his birdwatching and conservation work.
Montgomery Ward was an American department store chain.
Toes are the "digits" of the foot of an animal.
The AFC Champions League is a football competition between the best club teams in Asia.
Isaac Newton , the father of the dynamics, – the study of motion – developed three sets of laws that are believed to be true because the results agree with the laws he produced.
"This is about the sport.
Administrators are people who organize things like businesses.
The Geneva Conventions are a set of four treaties of international law.
International law is the law that is use when countries deal with each other.
The Hague Conventions is a set of treaties signed in Den Haag in 1899 and 1907.
The Hague  is the third-largest city in the Netherlands, after Amsterdam and Rotterdam.
The S.A.S.
Kookaburra Sport is an Australian company named after an Australian bird related to the kingfisher, which eats snakes and is, therefore, very valuable to the Australians.
Lancashire is a county in the North West of England.
The Church of England is a protestant church in England, with its head being the English monarch .
Some languages have all three tenses, some have only two, and some have no tenses at all.
Blackpool Tower is a monument in Blackpool, a North England seaside town.
A theme park or an amusement park is a place with attractions made up of rides such as roller coasters and water rides.
Kookaburras are birds of the genus "Dacelo".
Polltax is a system of taxing.
The Canadian dollar is the national currency of Canada.
Bonn is a city near Cologne.
The CAF Champions League is a football competition between the best club teams in Africa.
Copa Libertadores de America  is a football competition between the best club teams in South America and Mexico.
A longbow is a type of bow.
The African Union  is an international organization consisting of fifty-three African member countries.
The Bastille was a prison in Paris, France.
The Freecycle Network  is a global network of people who share and regive items.
Slashdot is a website, or a place where people can read things with a computer.
The spring equation is the most common type of Hooke's Law.
A railfan is a person who likes railways and trains.
Time is a news magazine.
Cable television is a way of letting people watch television without having to get signals from an antenna.
An antenna or aerial is an electronic device designed to send or receive signals that have specific frequency.
Jack London was a writer who wrote many books.
Spacetime is a model in physics that joins the three dimensional space and one dimensional time into the idea of space-time continuum.
Jerk is the change in the acceleration of an object.
The SI unit of electric current is ampere .
Cambridge is a university city in England.
"Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" is a book written by Mark Twain, published in 1884.
Simple English Wiktionary is a wiki-based free content dictionary run by the Wikimedia Foundation.
Snooker is a billiards sport for two players.
Aaliyah Dana Haughton   was an American rhythm and blues singer and actor.
Simple Plan is a pop punk rock band from Montréal, Canada that was founded in 1999.
Serj Tankian  is an Armenian-American musician who lives in Los Angeles.
Axl Rose  is an American hard rock singer and songwriter.
Gravitational energy is the energy held by an object because of its high position compared to a lower position.
In mathematics, two things are equal, when they are the same.
The Shining Rock Wilderness is a protected area in the U.S.
Radioactive decay is the process where the nucleus of an atom changes into another type of nucleus and produces a particle at the same time.
Nicotine is a drug found in tobacco cigarettes, cigars, pipe tobacco, and chewing tobacco.
Addiction is when the body or mind badly wants or needs something in order to work right.
Secession usually means when part of one country breaks away, or leaves that country to start a new country.
New England is a part in the north of the United States.
Rockville is a small town in the U.S.
IQ or intelligence quotient is a measurement of how smart someone is.
Dead Calm is a novel that was written in 1963.
Event Horizon is a scary movie from 1997 that starred Sam Neill as the main bad guy.
The melting point of a substance is the temperature at which this substance goes from the solid state to the liquid one, at a normal pressure.
Michael Hayden  became the head of the CIA in America in 2006.
Wittenberg is a town in Germany.
Cyber stalking  is when someone is using the Internet to stalk or harass someone.
Voltage is the change in electric potential  between two positions.
An hourglass, also known as a sandglass or sand timer, is a tool for the measurement of time.
A stopwatch is a tool used to measure the amount of time something takes.
The départements  are administrative parts of France and many former French colonies, similar to English counties.
Macro-sociology is a way of looking at the world of people in a broad way.
Banja Luka is a one of seven regions in Republika Srpska.
"Doboj Region" is a one of seven regions in Republika Srpska.
Bijeljina Region is a region in Republika Srpska in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The flag of Poland is rectangular, divided into two stripes: white above red.
Quantum Computation is a way of computation that is very different from classical computation.
Elastic potential energy is stored in objects that are stretched, compressed, bent, or twisted.
The Transrapid is a high speed train developed in Germany.
Definition.
Warm is kind of temperature between hot and cold.
University of Leeds  is a university in Leeds, UK.
Leeds is a city in the county of West Yorkshire in the centre of England.
The strong interaction, one of the four fundamental forces, is a force that acts between particles in the nucleus of an atom.
Neuwied is a German town in Rhineland-Palatinate.
Brittany is a region in Northwest France.
The Standard Model of physics is the best idea to say how fundamental forces and elementary particles work.
Moldovan  is the official language of the Republic of Moldova.
This is a list of unrecognized countries.
Dependent areas are territories and overseas territories that do not possess full independence or sovereignty as states/countries.
Electrical resistance is the repulsion of a current within a circuit.
Electromagnetic induction is where a current is produced in a conductor through a changing magnetic flux.
The Proms are concerts which are part of a big music festival.
Mount Merapi  is a volcano in Indonesia.
A conductor is a material which electricity can flow through.
The Michelson interferometer is the tool used for optical interferometry.
"The Gods Must Be Crazy" is a movie from 1980, directed by Jamie Uys, and released in the United States by 20th Century Fox.
In Roman mythology, Janus was the god of doors and gates.
"The Care Bears Adventure in Wonderland" is an animated movie from 1987, released by Cineplex Odeon Films.
Conducting in the musical sense means: beating time to help a group of musicians to play well together.
The Norwegian language is the official language of Norway.
French Polynesia  is a French "overseas collectivity"  with the particular designation of "overseas country"  in the southern Pacific Ocean.
Osnabrück is a city in Germany in the state of Lower Saxony, and is around 1,200 years old, and the castle dates back to the 19th century.
A Neighbour is a person who lives nearby, normally in a house or apartment that is next door or, in the case of houses, across the street.
A flip-flop is a special kind of electronic switch.
Satoshi Tajiri  is the person that created the Pokémon fictional world.
Ilkley is a tourist town near Leeds.
Econometrics is a branch of economics.
Franconia  is the northern part of the German federal state of Bavaria.
A King of arms is a government officer in countries like England, Scotland, and Wales.
Psychokinesis or telekinesis is the ability to change matter, energy, space or time by using your mind.
Cartoon Network is a cable television network, owned by Turner Broadcasting.
An autobiography is a book in which the author writes about his or her own life.
Penjing  is the ancient Chinese art of growing trees and plants.
Brian Eno  is a musician from England.
Kirby is a fictional character in a series of video games published by Nintendo.
A capacitor  is an electronic device that stores electric energy.
Strategy is a word which was first used by the military.
In Computer science, a "Design pattern" is an abstract solution to a certain problem.
Amarillo is a city in the U.S.
Lansdowne is a suburb of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in the US.
Gillingham Football Club is an English football club.
A round in music is a song which can be sung by two or more groups of people.
The gallbladder is a pear-shaped organ in your abdomen that stores about 50 ml of acidic liquid  until the body needs it for digestion.
Addenbrooke's Hospital is a large hospital in Cambridge, England.
Koalas  are herbivore marsupials that live in East Australia.
John Coolidge Adams is an American composer.
Handcuffs are a type of restraint, mainly used by police, to prevent suspects from escaping, or hurting anyone.
A flashlight  or torch  is a small, portable spotlight.
A cluster is anything that is more than one item put together.
Discrimination is literally when something or someone is distinguished from someone or something.
Ernest Rutherford, 1st Baron Rutherford of Nelson, OM, PC, FRS  was a New Zealand physicist, who won a Nobel Prize for his work on nuclear physics, and for the theory of the structure of the atom.
Serialism is a way of composing music using a series of notes in a particular order and using this to build up a whole piece of music.
Frédéric Chopin  was a Polish virtuoso pianist who composed some of the greatest piano music ever performed.
Mikhail Ivanovich Glinka  was a Russian composer, regarded as the first to become very famous.
An Ellipsoid is a shape like a sphere, but it is longer in at least one direction, like an egg, or a rugby ball .
Liancourt Rocks are a group of small islands in the East Sea.
A Pentacle is a five pointed star, with all lines the same length and all angles the same.
Benzene, also known as benzol, is an organic chemical compound with the formula C6H6.
A Tasmanian Devil  is a meat eating mammal.
Joseph Haydn was an Austrian composer.
When we make tunes we use notes of different pitches: some high and some low.
Orthology is the study of the right use of words in language.
Toei is a Japanese company that makes cartoons and movies .
Naoko Takeuchi , born March 15, 1967, is a manga artist from Japan.
Kimi Ga Yo is the national anthem of Japan.
April Fool's Day is on 1 April every year in many countries.
Baroque music is an era and a set of styles of European classical music which were in use between about 1600 and 1750.
A canyon is a big crack in the ground.
Pattern language is used to mean a system of patterns that have a certain meaning other than just the pattern.
In the United States, National Maritime Day is held every May 22 to honor people who have served in the United States Merchant Marine service.
The Classical music period is the time from about 1750 to 1820 when Haydn, Mozart, and Beethoven were the most famous living composers.
Spotlight is a magazine in German and English.
Fusion is the process of making a single heavy nucleus  from two lighter nuclei .
The Concertmaster  or leader  is the most important violinist in an orchestra.
Mutual assured destruction  is a military strategy.
Stairway to Heaven was a 1971 song by Led Zeppelin.
Thin Lizzy are a hard rock band from Ireland formed in the late 1960s and are still active.
Abu Hafiza  is a Moroccan psychiatrist and a master planner for Al Qaeda.
Aziz al-Abub (a.k.a.
Hobbits are a fictional race in the Middle-earth world invented by J.
Middle-earth is a fictional fantasy world invented by J.
Arnold Josef Rosé  was a famous violinist.
The Pontiac Silverdome is a domed stadium in the town of Pontiac, Michigan, near Detroit.
The Estonian language is a Finno-Ugric language.
Chromosomes are parts of a cell that have genetic information.
Giovanni Gabrieli (born Venice,1557?; d.
Arcangelo Corelli  was an Italian violinist and composer.
Henry Purcell  was an English composer.
François Couperin  was a French composer who lived in the Baroque period.
Christoph Willibald Ritter von Gluck (b.Erasbach nr.
Jan Ladislav Dussek (b.
Johannes Brahms (b.Hamburg, 7 May 1833; d.
Frederick Delius  was an English composer.
Béla Bartók (b.
Benjamin Britten  was probably the greatest English composer of his time.
Claudio Monteverdi  was the most important composer of the early Baroque period.
Charlie Kaufman is an American screenwriter.
An oxbow lake is a lake, or area of water, in a curved shape.
A sequel is a story, book, or movie that comes or takes place after another one.
Major League Soccer is an American football  league started in 1996.
The Chicago Fire are a soccer team that plays in Major League Soccer in Bridgeview, Illinois.
The Columbus Crew are an American soccer team that plays in Major League Soccer in Columbus, Ohio.
The Kansas City Wizards are an American football  team that plays in Major League Soccer in Kansas City, Missouri.
The New England Revolution are a United States football  team that plays in Major League Soccer in Foxborough, Massachusetts.
Red Bull New York, also known as the New York Red Bulls are an American soccer team.
The Colorado Rapids are an American soccer team that plays in Major League Soccer in Denver, Colorado.
FC Dallas is an American soccer team.
The Houston Dynamo are an American soccer team that plays in Major League Soccer in Houston, Texas.
The San Jose Earthquakes are an American soccer team that plays in Major League Soccer in San Jose, California.
The Los Angeles Galaxy are an American soccer team that plays in Major League Soccer in Carson, California.
Real Salt Lake is an American soccer team.
Toronto FC was introduced as a new team for Major League Soccer in May 2006.
The President of Germany  is the head of state of the Federal Republic of Germany.
The Miami Fusion were an American soccer team that played in Major League Soccer from 1998 to 2001.
The Tampa Bay Mutiny were an American soccer team that played in Major League Soccer from 1996 to 2001.
Global Gillette  is an American company famous for making shaving products.
Abkhazia is a republic of 8,600 km²  in the Caucasus.
Heinrich Schütz  was the greatest German composer of his time.
Domenico Scarlatti  was an Italian composer and harpsichordist.
Wilhelm Friedemann Bach  was a famous German composer and organist.
Dr.
A Lord Protector is a British title for heads of state.
Fantasy is a genre of fiction  that shows some form of magic, or supernatural force.
A materialist is someone who believes that the world around us is made of material, that there are no gods or other supernatural things.
The Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus   or Turkish Cypriot State  is a break-away "de facto" state in the northern third of the island of Cyprus.
New Caledonia  is a "sui generis" collectivity"  of France, made up of a main island  and several smaller islands.
A dam is a large wall or barrier that obstructs or stop the flow of water, forming a reservoir or a lake.
David Beckham is an English football player.
A sonata is a piece of music for one instrument or one instrument with another instrument accompanying.
Sonata form is a special way of organizing a piece of music.
An Aria means a song, usually a song in opera.
Elijah Jordan Wood  is an American actor.
Sir Ian Murray McKellen CBE CH  is a highly acclaimed English actor for both theatre and films.
Viggo Peter Mortensen, Jr.
Sean Astin  is a American movie actor, director, and Oscar nominated producer.
Sir Ian Holm CBE , is an English actor.
Luigi Boccherini  is an Italian cellist and composer.
George Frideric Handel  (b.
Richard Wagner  was a German opera composer.
"A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court" is a book written by Mark Twain, published in 1889.
Juno is the Roman version of the Greek goddess Hera.
Excalibur is a legendary sword in the mythology of Great Britain.
Georg Philipp Telemann  was a German baroque composer.
Giovanni da Palestrina  was a very important Italian composer of church music of his time.
"The Prince and the Pauper" is a book written by Mark Twain, published in 1882.
"The Adventures of Tom Sawyer" is a book written by Mark Twain, published in 1876.
Billy Boyd  is a Scottish actor.
Turing machine is a term from computer science.
Canadian football is football generally played in Canada.
John Rhys-Davies  is a British actor.
Sean Bean  is an English actor.
Tripoli  is a city in Greece.
The 2006 FIFA World Cup was a football  sporting event that was held in Germany from June 9 to July 9, 2006.
Polynesia is a group of over 1,000 islands in the Pacific Ocean.
Cocaine is a type of drug that comes from the leaves of a plant called coca, sometimes referred to as Coke.
A viola  is a musical instrument which is similar to the violin and cello.
Generally, string is a thin piece of rope or twine which is used to tie, bind, or hang other objects.
Windsor is a town in Berkshire, England.
Windsor Castle is the largest inhabited castle in the world, and is located in Windsor, Berkshire, England.
The Renault Clio is a small car made by Renault since 1991.
The Trojan Horse is a big wooden horse from the Trojan War in Greek mythology.
Tesco is a supermarket chain.
The Fiat Panda is a small car made by Fiat.
Fiat Croma is the name of two different large cars made by Fiat.
The Fiat Ulysse is a large car with seven seats made by Fiat.
The Fiat Punto is a small family car made by Fiat since 1993.
The Volkswagen Polo is a small car made by the German company Volkswagen.
The Volkswagen Fox is a small car made by the German company Volkswagen.
The Proton Savvy is a small car made by the Malaysian company Proton.
The Airbus A380  is a 4 engined, double-deck aeroplane built by Airbus.
Paris, also called Alexandros, is a person in Greek mythology.
Venusaur is a fictional animal in the Pokémon video game and anime series.
Helen is a person in Greek mythology.
RSA is a method to encrypt and sign information.
Hector is a person in Greek mythology.
Hecuba  was a person in Greek mythology.
Priamos  is a person in Greek mythology.
To mix is the action of putting things together.
Achilles  was a hero in Greek mythology.
Romantic music is music written in the 19th century.
The Nereids are the fifty daughters of the god Nereus and the Okeanid Doris in Greek mythology.
The words Romance and romantic have several different meanings.
Romanticism is a style of art, literature and music in the late 18th and early 19th century in Europe.
The Seveso disaster was a chemical accident.
Junichiro Koizumi is the former Prime Minister of Japan.
"Majulah Singapura"  is the national anthem of Singapore.
Abruzzo is one of the 20 regions of Italy.
Teramo  is a province in Abruzzo, Italy.
The Aegean Sea is part of the Mediterranean Sea.
William de Wiveleslie Abney  was an English astronomer, chemist, and photographer.
Giacomo Girolamo Casanova  was a famous Venetian adventurer and writer.
Colima is the capital city of the Mexican state Colima.
A given name is a name which is used for a single person, to separate it from a group of people, especially if these all have the same family name.
A family name is a name shared by people in the same family.
John the Baptist  is regarded as a prophet by at least three religions: Christianity, Islam, and Mandaeanism.
John is a name, originating from Hebrew.
This is a list of the Kings and Queens of the Kingdom of England from 871 until England and Scotland joined together in 1707.
This is a list of the Kings and Queens of Scotland.
A dandelion is a flower.
The word Motet is used to mean: a piece of music for a church service sung by a choir without instrumental accompaniment.
John D.
An anthem is a piece of music written for a choir to sing at an Anglican church service.
Chinese characters are symbols used in writing Chinese and Japanese.
Improvisation in music is the art of playing an instrument  in which the musician or musicians make up the music as they play.
The Reichstag building was designed as a home to the parliament of the German Empire.
A siren is a creature in Greek mythology.
Sirens is a 1994 movie that had many famous models in it.
Lavender is a type of plant found in almost all continents.
St.
"Hollyoaks" is a British television soap opera.
Muse are an English Alternative rock band.
Astrology is watching the movement and constellations of the stars and the planets, and trying to tell the future, or what a person's life will be like.
The theatre of Ancient Greece was an important part in the culture of Ancient Greece.
Sophocles  was an Ancient Greek writer who wrote 123 plays.
Black pepper is a plant that grows in the tropics, especially in India.
Chile pepper  is the fruit of a series of plants called Capsicum .
Aeschylus  was an Ancient Greek writer who wrote about 76 plays.
Euripides (c.
Chard  is a plant.
The half-life of a substance is the time it takes for half of the substance to decay.
A Kyklops, or Cyclops is a kind of giant in Greek mythology, which has only one eye on its forehead.
A physical field is a spatial distribution of a scalar or vector quantity.
The forehead of humans is the flat space of skin above the eyes, between the eyebrows and where your hair starts to grow.
James Prescott Joule  was an English physicist, born in Salford, near Manchester.
Andromache is a person in Greek mythology.
Astyanax is a person in Greek mythology.
Neoptolemos  is a person in Greek mythology.
All planets in our solar system follow an elliptical path.
Penelope is a person in Greek mythology.
Anemia (U.S.
Memphis is the largest city in the state of Tennessee.
Dari is the name of a dialect of the Persian language.
Counterpoint is the art of composing music by combining different parts  in a way that sounds nice.
Guided by Voices  was an American indie band.
Eugenics is a philosophy.
Sterilisation  is a process that makes animals or humans that are able to bear offspring unable to do so.
Kerberos  is a creature in Greek mythology, like a hound  with three heads.
Yerevan  is the biggest city of Armenia.
Smallpox is a very bad disease.
Ancient China is a very old civilization.
Shaka (sometimes spelled Tshaka, Tchaka or Chaka; ca.
A halo is a ring of light that surrounds an object.
The Greek underworld is the place in Greek mythology where people go when they die.
The Mughal Empire,  was an empire in Asia which existed from 1526 to 1857.
The British Raj is a term of history.
A lever is scientific term for something generally used in physics.
A pulley is something that is used in it is used to lift heavy weights science and mechanics.
Józef Klemens Piłsudski  was an important leader of Poland.
Isaiah Berlin was born on June 6 1909 in Riga, Latvia.
The Guru Granth Sahib is the name of a book of religion of Sikhs.
Zeno of Elea was a Greek philosopher.
Zeno of Citium   was a philosopher.
The Iron Curtain is a word related to the Cold War.
The Indus Valley Civilization  was an ancient civilization located in modern Pakistan.
Sumer was an ancient civilization in the southern part of Mesopotamia  that came into being around 3500 BC.
Cingular Wireless is a mobile phone company from United States.
"Mystery Science Theater 3000"  was a comedy television series.
Blaze Starr  was an American stripper and burlesque star.
The Zip drive is a data storage device.
Cosmetics  are products used to make the human body look different.
The Napoleonic Wars are wars that people fought during the rule of Napoleon Bonaparte over France.
The Etruscans were people in North Italy who became part of Rome.
A cantata is a piece of music which is sung.
A Clavichord is a small keyboard instrument which was very popular for many years, especially in the 16th, 17th and 18th centuries.
Harmony means playing several notes together to make “chords”.
A bow is a weapon used to shoot arrows.
Nuclear physics is the part of physics that studies the nucleus of the atom.
The Seljuk Empire was an empire of the Seljuk Turks, a Muslim dynasty, that ruled parts of Central Asia and the Middle East from the 11th to the 14th centuries.
Central Asia is a region in Asia.
Turkestan  means "Land of the Turks", and is a region in Central Asia.
Mesoamerica is a geographical region.
The cathode ray tube or CRT was invented by Karl Ferdinand Braun.
Recitative  is music which is telling a story quite quickly, as if it were being spoken.
Ancient India had a long-lived civilization and culture.
The Partition of British India was done in August of 1947.
World Heritage Sites are places in the world which are very important from the cultural or natural point.
A tail is the section at the rear end of an animal's body.
Ganesha or  is the elephant-headed god in Hinduism.
Indie is a word that is short for independent.
C.D.
A Cycle is something that is round.
Abu Musab al-Zarqawi  was a leader of Al-Qaeda, a terrorist group in the Middle East.
Salta is a province in the north of Argentina.
Fermat's primality test is an algorithm.
The Hash function is a function.
In the Christian religion the Trinity is the name given to God who is seen as three persons: God the Father, God the Son and God the Holy Spirit .
"Mošovce" is one of the biggest villages in the Turiec Region of Slovakia.
South Ossetia  is a place in Georgia.
A soprano is a female singer with a high voice.
The word alto can mean: someone who sings lower than a soprano.
A tenor is a man with a high singing voice.
Bass is a low or deep tone  in music.
A baritone is a man with a voice range between that of a tenor  and bass .
Sappho was an Ancient Greek lyrical poet.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is the fifth book in the Harry Potter series by J.K.
48 states of the United States  have a state song, chosen by the state legislature as a symbol of the state.
The Pleiades  are a cluster  of stars in the night sky.
Nicomachus (c.
Deimos  comes from the Greek word for terror.
Phobos  is one of Mars' moons.
Charon is the moon of the dwarf planet Pluto.
In mythology, Charon was the ferryman of Hades.
Eros is the god of love, lust, and sex in Greek mythology.
A wheelwright is someone who builds or repairs wheels.
Rotterdam is the second largest city in the Netherlands.
A throne is the official chair or seat upon which a monarch  is seated on state or ceremonial occasions.
Altar is a place, often a table, where a religious event happens.
Don Bradman   was an Australian man who played cricket.
Sir Ian Terrance Botham  is an English athlete who played cricket.
Daphne  was a dryad in Greek mythology, daughter of the river god Peneus.
A Massively Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game  is a MMOG in the role-playing game  genre.
Middle English is an older type of the English language that was spoken after the Norman invasion in 1066 until the middle/late 1400s.
Patroclus  was a person in Greek mythology.
James VI and I  was King of Scotland as James VI, and King of England and King of Ireland as James I.
Hesiod , was an Ancient Greek poet and rhapsode.
Fu Xiancai is a Chinese farmer and civil rights activist.
Phoebus  was originally a name of the Greek god Helios.
An overture is a piece of music for the orchestra to play at the beginning of an opera or ballet.
The luthier is a person who repairs guitars, violins, cellos, double basses, and other wooden stringed instruments.
Moss is a coastal town located in the Norwegian county of Østfold.
Dorset is a county in south England which is by the sea.
Poole is a town in Dorset, England.
A Gorilla is an ape of the genus "Gorilla".
Matthew Bellamy  is an English singer.
Christopher Tony Wolstenholme  is an English musician.
Dominic Howard  is an English musician.
A penlight is a small flashlight in the shape of a pen.
Rama is the Seventh Avatara of Vishnu in Hinduism.
Bournemouth is a town in Dorset, in the country of England.
Christchurch is a town in Dorset,England.
A symphony is a piece of music written for an orchestra to play.
Upper Franconia  is a "regierungsbezirk"  of the German state Bavaria.
The Weimar Republic  is the name we now use for the republic that governed Germany from 1919 to 1933.
In mathematics, a lemma is a "mini-proof"; a small hypothesis which is proved and then provides a part of a more important theorem.
Avatara is a word of Hinduism.
Constantine I  was a powerful ruler  who reigned over the Roman Empire until his death.
Cleopatra VII Philopator  was a queen of Egypt.
Cleopatra was a name of several ancient Egyptian women.
CSS is an abbreviation It can stand for the following .
Kelly Brianne Clarkson  is an American singer who sometimes acts and has recorded three albums.
Maurice Ravel  was a French composer.
Jean-Philippe Rameau  was a French composer.
Bedřich Smetana  was a Czech composer.
A light-emitting diode  is a semiconductor device.
Antonín Dvořák (b.Nelahozeves, nr Kralupy, September 8 1841; d.
Leoš Janáček  was a Czech composer who lived at the end of the Romantic period and the beginning of the 20th century.
Sir Arthur Sullivan  was an English composer.
Psychosis is a medical name for a state of mind that can happen with several types of mental illness.
Ramen is a Japanese kind of noodle soup.
Pieter Pauwel  Rubens  was a painter.
Adolf Frederick, , was the King of Sweden between 1751 and 1771.
Gothenburg is the second-biggest Swedish town, after Stockholm.
BBC One is a television channel in the United Kingdom.
Bad Aibling is a town in Bavaria .
Gaya is a town in the Indian state of Bihar.
Patna is capital city of the Indian state of Bihar.
Samuel Johnson  was a famous writer.
Nozomi trains are the fastest Shinkansen "bullet" trains in Japan.
Moravia  is a historical region in the east of the Czech Republic.
The Advanced Photo System was a technology for photographic film and cameras.
A coral reef is a large underwater wall made of dead and living corals.
A laurel wreath is a horseshoe or circle-shaped wreath made from laurel that can be worn on the head.
Ranchi is the capital city of Jharkhand state of India.
Ujjain is a town in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh, India.
Dravida is the name of people of non-Aryan Indians.
Ayodhya is a town in Uttar Pradesh state of India.
Tulasidas  was an Indian writer.
Mathura is a town in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, India.
The Pulitzer Prize is a prize.
The Titans are the older kind of "gods" in Greek mythology.
Turkish  is a language is spoken natively in Republic of Turkey, Cyprus, Bulgaria, Greece, and other countries of the former Ottoman Empire, as well as by several million emigrants in Europe.
Phoebe is the Titan of the moon in Greek mythology.
Rhea is a Titan in Greek mythology.
Magnus Henriksen was the King of Sweden between 1160-1161.
Karl Sverkersson was the King of Sweden between 1160 and 1167.
Knut Eriksson was the King of Sweden between 1167, when he killed Karl Sverkersson, and 1195.
Sverker II of Sweden was the King of Sweden between 1196 to 1208.
Erik Knutsson (c.
Johan Sverkersson was the King of Sweden between 1216 and 1222.
Erik Eriksson was the King of Sweden between 1222 and 1250, with stop 1229 to 1234.
Westboro Baptist Church is a church in Topeka, Kansas.
The University of Chicago is a university in Chicago, Illinois.
The Shanghai Fugu Agreement was a successful political prank which was landed on the Social Democrats in the German state of Hesse in 1985.
A siren is a device that is able to produce a loud noise.
An interval is what comes between two things.
The Washington Capitals are an American ice hockey team in Washington, DC.
Rhea Silvia is the mother of the twin brothers Romulus and Remus in Roman mythology.
Virginity means a state of purity or inexperience.
Tethys is a Titan in Greek mythology.
Sarajevo is the capital city of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Iapetos, also known as Iaepetus or Japetus, is a Titan in Greek mythology.
Kronos  is a Titan in Greek mythology.
Okeanos is a Titan in Greek mythology.
The Okeanids are the daughters of the Titans Okeanos and Tethys in Greek mythology.
Kreios or Crius is a Titan in Greek mythology.
Koios or Coeus is the Titan of intelligence in Greek mythology.
Uranos is the god of the sky in Greek mythology.
Gaia was the goddess of the earth in Greek mythology.
Erebos is the god of darkness in Greek mythology.
Kallisto or Callisto was a nymph in Greek mythology, a companion of Artemis.
Semele is a person in Greek mythology.
Robbie Williams  is an English singer from the group Take That.
Hyperion is a Titan of the sun in Greek mythology.
Durga is one of the goddesses in Hinduism and is a form of Devi, the supreme goddess.
Theia is a Titan in Greek mythology.
Theia is a Titan in Greek mythology.
Adi Shankara   was an Indian religious philosopher.
Lake Garda is the largest lake in Italy.
An award is something given to a person or group of people if they do something very good.
Thetis  is a nereid  in Greek mythology.
Tirunelveli is a city located in the southern part of Tamil Nadu, India.
A servant or domestic worker is someone who works for somebody to help them to run their home.
Kassandra or Cassandra  was a person in Greek mythology.
Leda is a person in Greek mythology.
Tyndareos  is a person in Greek mythology.
Telemachos  is a person in Greek mythology.
Antonio Vivaldi  was an Italian composer.
Agamemnon was a person in Greek mythology.
Menelaos  was a person in Greek mythology.
Klytaimnestra  was a person in Greek mythology.
Percussion instruments are instruments which are played by shaking or hitting.
The Hurrians or Khurrites were people who lived in and around northern Mesopotamia from about 2500 BC.
The Oneroi  were the sons of Hypnos, the god of sleep in Greek mythology.
Malcolm X was an African American nationalist and civil rights activist.
Nereus is a sea god in Greek mythology.
James MacMillan  is the most important Scottish composer of today.
Polyphemos  is a Kyklops in Greek mythology.
Micronesia, officially the Federated States of Micronesia, is an island nation located in the Pacific Ocean, northeast of Papua New Guinea.
Pär Lagerkvist  was a man from Sweden who wrote many books.
Thanatos is the god of death in Greek mythology.
A medication means use of licenced drug.
Ahimsa  is a word used in Hinduism.
Kabir  was one of the important saints of Hinduism.
The Indus River is one of the seven sacred rivers of Hindus.
Jagannath is a form of god Krishna.
Patanjali lived in the 2nd century.
Kalypso or Calypso is a nymph in Greek mythology, who lives on the island Ogygia.
American English or U.S.
Music theory is all about trying to understand how music works.
Ravana was king of Lanka.
Devaki was a woman mentioned in the Mahabharata.
Ayurveda is an ancient medical science.
In the religion Hinduism,Sita was the daughter of Janaka and wife of Rama, an avatar of god Vishnu.
Halima Sadia  was an Arab woman.
Khadijah  was the first wife of the Muhammad, an Islamic prophet.
Sarasvati River was one of the major rivers of Ancient India.
The Míng Dynasty ruled China from 1368 to 1644.
Sarasvati is one of the goddesses of Hindus.
Holi is one of the major festivals of Hindus.
Beaminster is a town in Dorset, England.
Electronic music is music which is made with electronic equipment such as synthesizers or computers.
Reggae is a kind of music from Jamaica.
Bebop or bop is a kind of jazz.
A magnetic resonance imaging machine is a machine that doctors use.
When there is a war or some other armed comflict in a country, many people will try to flee  from that country.
Rubber  is the common name of a chemical substance with the ability to shrink and stretch.
An argument is a reason that is supposed to prove one side is right.
The 2003 invasion of Iraq  means the war waged by the United States, Great Britain, Australia, and some other countries against Iraq, to end the rule of Saddam Hussein.
A helmet is a hard or cushioned hat which is worn to protect a person's head.
A coonskin cap is a hat made from the fur of a raccoon.
The Crazy Horse Memorial is the world's largest mountain sculpture in progress.
Dwarka  was a city of Ancient India.
The Ramayana, that is, the career or story of Rama, is one of the two most important ancient epics of India, the other being the Mahabharata.
The Mahabharata, that is, the great Bharata, is one of the two most important ancient epics of India, the other being the Ramayana.
The Hajj is the pilgrimage to Mecca, where the Kaaba is located.The Kaaba is a large, black cube situated in "The great mosque" in Mecca.
A civil war is a war where the two sides involved in the fighting are both from the same country or kingdom.
Urdu is the name of one of the languages spoken in the Indian subcontinent.
Franz  Schubert (b.
Cowpox is a disease.
Margaret Eleanor Atwood, OC  is a Canadian writer.
Rainbow Brite was an animated television show in the United States based on a series of Hallmark cards.
Chickenpox  is a disease.
Music has tonality if it uses the notes of a major or minor scale.
Toucan are familiy Ramphastidae, is a South American bird with a huge beak, This social bird lives in small flocks in lowland rainforests.
Narita  is a city in Japan.
The elbow is a hinge-joint between the bones of the upper and lower arm.
The wrist is the joint that links together the lower arm and the hand.
The knee is the joint that links the upper and lower bones of the leg, which are called the femur and the tibia.
In chemistry and physics an atomic theory explains what the basic structure of matter is like.
Particle physics is the area of physics that studies what makes up matter and radiation.
X Japan was a Japanese rock band, created in 1982 by Yoshiki.
The Hymn of the Soviet Union is its national anthem, or national song was made in 1944.
Minimalism is a way of making Modern Art or music that uses simple ideas, sounds or shapes.
Igor Stravinsky , June 17 1882; d.
Emilio de Villota is a spanish driver.
TAE  is the German standard for telephone plugs and sockets.
The technological singularity is the idea that the time people will take to make breakthroughs in different areas is getting shorter and that one day it will become so short that no-one knows what will happen.
Mew  is a fictional character from the Pokémon franchise.
Avignon is a city in the south of France.
Marseille is a city in the south of France.
Halo 2 is an award winning first-person shooter video game made by Bungie Studios and published by Microsoft for its own Xbox console.
Actuaries are people who are experts in mathematics, probability, economics, and finance who figure out how much money businesses should charge for making promises to pay for something that may or may not happen.
A thesaurus is a book of synonyms .
to tell drivers that they must slow down or stop ahead.
Bass is the name of some species  of fish that are often caught for fun.
Roxette is a Swedish pop music group formed in 1986.
Two epics , the Ramayana and the Mahabharata are also important Hindu scriptures.
Aum , is the most sacred symbol in Hinduism.
Norfolk Island  is a territory of Australia.
Atlas is a Titan in Greek mythology.
El Paso is a city in the U.S.
The word ecosystem is combination of the animals and plants, living things , and non-living things , like the environment and climate, in an area.
The Stuart dynasty was a series of kings and queens in England.
Parasitism is a form of symbiosis.
A moment of silence is a short time when people think or pray without making noise.
Hindus believe in lots of female gods.
Jawaharlal Nehru  was the first prime minister of India.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah, also spelled Mohammad or Mahomed Ali Jinnah)  was an Indian Muslim.
Gregor Johann Mendel  was an Austrian biologist and priest.
Marschall der DDR , was the highest rank in the NVA, the army of the DDR.
"Farscape" is a science fiction television show.
An interplanetary internet does not exist yet.
Hunting to farming.
Briefs are a type of underwear for boys and men.
Kayastha is one of the social groups of India.
"Rainbow Brite and the Star Stealer" is an animated movie from 1985.
Dr.
A swarm is a big group of animals.
Queen's University is a public university located in Kingston, Ontario, Canada.
A string quartet is a piece of music for four string instruments.
Opus or the shortened form op.
In biology and biochemistry, Amino acids are seen as the building blocks of proteins.
The Yuan Dynasty ruled China from 1271 to 1368.
The Paleolithic era.
"Life and Times of Michael K" is a novel written by J.
Tort law is the part of law for most harms that are not either criminal or based on a contract.
A lawsuit occurs when two people or organizations ask a court or judge to solve a disagreement or argument.
Chamber music means music written for small groups of instruments.
Stefano Mei  was an Italian long distance runner in several international athletics  events.
The Bielsko-Biała Museum has its main location in the historical Bielsko Castle, Poland.
Circumcision is a medical process.
The Moirae were the three goddesses of destiny in Greek mythology.
Wikisource – "The Free Library" – is a project by Wikimedia.
Whaling is the practice of hunting whales on the ocean.
An opinion is something a person or a group of people think.
A school year is the time of year when students go to school.
An audience is a group of people that go to see the same thing .
A group is a collection or set of things.
A side-scrolling video game or side-scroller is a video game where the player goes toward one side of the screen, either to the left or the right, although this is different for each video game.
Eating is when a person, animal, or other living thing takes in food, in order to get energy and nutrients.
A bathroom is where people can use the toilet, wash their hands, take a bath, or take a shower.
A shower is where a person cleans himself by using water.
Gangtok is the capital of the Indian state of Sikkim, It has a population of 50,000.
A transposing instrument is an instrument tuned to a given number of semitones above or below 'concert pitch'.
Transposition or transposing in music means playing or writing music in a different key.
The Erinyes  were the goddesses of revenge in Greek mythology.
The Indian subcontinent is a term mainly used to denote the geographic region surrounded by the Indian Ocean: mainly the Republic of India, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Kashmir, Khalistan, Tibet , Nepal, Sikkim, Bangladesh , Sri Lanka , Bhutan and Myanmar  etc.
The Horae were three goddesses in Greek mythology.
This is a list of  people that are in Greek mythology.
Alkmene is a person in Greek mythology.
Danaë is a person in Greek mythology.
Akrisios  is a person in Greek mythology.
Andromeda is a person in Greek mythology.
A Centaur is a creature in Greek mythology.
Bruntál is a small city in the Czech Republic.
A concerto is a piece of music made for a solo instrument and an orchestra.
The Concerto Grosso is a piece of music from the 18th century in which there is a small group of instruments and a large group of instruments.
The Hyundai Grandeur was first sold in 1986.
Ape is a term that most commonly refers to nonhuman hominoids, though biologists use the word to include humans.
Hattingen an der Ruhr is a city about 60.000 people in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany.
Shart is the name of several Bollywood and Tollywood movies.
An accompaniment in music is music that accompanies  something else.
Basso continuo is a form of musical accompaniment used in the Baroque period.
Tropical is a word that means "near the equator".
Diwali, also called Deepavali or Dipavali, is one of the major festivals of Hindus.
Arthashastra is an ancient book of India.
Hanuman is one of the most popular gods of Hindus.
Indra is the most important among the Indo-Aryan gods.
Badrinatha is an important pilgrimage place for the Hindus.
Kanchipuram is one of the seven most holy cities of Hindus.
The history is Japan in written form is available form the 1st century.
Tropical rainforests are rainforests with tropical animals and plants.
History of Saudi Arabia covers many thousand years with lots of people from different cultures living there.
A linga or a lingam is a very complex symbol of Hinduism.
The US National Guard is a branch or organization of the United States Army and the United States Air Force.
Bishop's Stortford is a town in Hertfordshire in south-east England, with about 35,000 people living there.
A raven is a big, black bird.
Malnutrition is when a person does not get the nutrition they have to have to survive.
The Carolina Parakeet is an extinct species of parrot.
Match Game was a game show that ran from 1962-1999.
A fleet is a large group of ships or boats.
Melanesia is a region of islands in Oceania.
The diaphragm is a muscle that is at the bottom of the ribcage of mammals.
The Germ theory of disease is a theory in biology.
Labor Day is a US federal holiday on the first Monday of September.
The Christian cross is the main symbol of the Christian religion.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
Presidents Day is what some people choose to call Washington's Birthday - a US Federal Holiday to celebrate the birth of George Washington.
Memorial Day is a national holiday in the United States.
Columbus Day is the US Federal Holiday celebrating the day Columbus landed on San Salvador.
Veterans Day is the American holiday when people who had served in the military during war-time are honored.
Ralph Vaughan Williams (b.
Recycling means turning the materials from trash into something new.
Transnistria, officially Pridnestrovskaia Moldavskaia Respublica, PMR  is an unrecognised country in Eastern Europe.
The Mercalli intensity scale  is a scale to measure the intensity of earthquakes.
Dili is the capital of the country East Timor.
Holly is a type of bush with recognisable leaves.
Dysentery is a disease that involves severe diarrhea.
"Class of the Ttians" is an animated Television show from the Canadian animation company, Nelvana.
F.C.
NHK, the Japan Broadcasting Corporation, is Japan's public broadcaster, like PBS in the United States.
Fargo is a large city in the American state of North Dakota.
Blur is a British band.
Daft Punk is a band from France.
The Paralympic Games are an elite multi-sport event for athletes with a disability.
The National Basketball Association  is the world's top men's professional basketball league and one of the major professional sports leagues of North America.
The FIFA Women's World Cup is the most important competition in the sport of Women's football.
Nathula is a mountain pass between the Indo-occupied Kingdom of Sikkim and Tibet in  in the Himalaya.
The Klondike Gold Rush happened in the 1890's when many people went to a river in Canada called Klondike who hoped to find gold there and become rich.
"Clone High" is an animated comedy television show about a high school full of clones of famous dead people.
The Chinese Civil War was fought from 1927 to 1949.
Nagorno-Karabakh  is an autonomous region of Azerbaijan.
Newcastle upon Tyne is a city in north-east England.
James Christopher Read  is an American actor.
The English Premier League  is a league competition for English Football clubs located at the top of the English football league system , making it England's primary football competition.
The Giro d'Italia, or Tour of Italy, is a famous bicycle race held in Italy, every spring.
Eleanor Rosalynn Smith Carter  is the wife of President Jimmy Carter.
"Hitopadesa" is a collection of short stories.
Tiberius Caesar Augustus, born Tiberius Claudius Nero , was the second Roman Emperor.
14 is a year in the 1st century.
Ray Douglas Bradbury  is an American writer.
Porpoises are mammals in the order "Cetacea".
Cetology is a type of science.
Primatology is a type of science that is part of zoology, that studies primates .
Orangutans  are great apes that have fur with a color between red and brown.
Sunlight is light that comes from the sun.
Theism is the religious belief in at least one god.
Plesiosaurs were large, meat-eating reptiles that lived in water.
Midland is a city in the American state of Texas.
This is a list of famous people from the Republic of Armenia, ethnic Armenians, or both.
Sardinia is a region in Italy.
In nuclear reactors, fission is used to create heat, which is used to change water into steam.
Samobor is a city in Zagreb county, Croatia, population 36,206 .
Frankfurt an der Oder is a city in Germany.
The Cook Islands are a group of islands in the southern Pacific.
Punishment is when something is done to a person  that they do not like, because they broke a rule.
The Blue Whale  is a baleen whale, of the biological order Cetacea.
The order Cetacea are marine mammals that live in oceans, seas, and even a few rivers around the world.
The Scottish language   is a sister language of Irish and Manx; all three are Goidelic languages and part of the Celtic language family.
The Germanic languages are a language family in the Indo-European languages.
Orcas  are cetaceans.
"Pac-Man" is an arcade video game that was made by Namco.
A shooting star is the common name for the visible path of a meteoroid as it enters the atmosphere.
Pot Noodle is a type of cup noodle sold in the United Kingdom.
"Superman" is a 1978 movie based on the popular superhero comic book.
Domestic violence is a word used by many people.
Emersons Green is an area with lots of houses, just to the north of Bristol, in England.
The Archaeopteryx is a prehistoric animal from the Late Jurassic.
Mosel-Saar-Ruwer is a German wine-growing-region in the valleys of the rivers Moselle, Saar and Ruwer near Koblenz and Trier, Rhineland-Palatinate.
A snail is an animal.
The Ruwer is a river in Germany with a length of, an tributary of the Moselle River.
Ruwer is a municipality  on the River Ruwer.
Gunpowder  is a mix of chemical substances .
The mayor is a person who is in charge of the administration of a city.
The Hindu scriptures and the Hindu mythology tell that all the above things came out of the ocean for the good of humanbeings.
Martha Dandridge Custis Washington  was the wife of George Washington.
Abigail Smith Adams  was the wife of John Adams, the second President of the United States.
Martha Washington Jefferson Randolph  was the daughter of Thomas Jefferson and his wife Martha Wayles Skelton Jefferson.
Aracaju is the modern capital city of the state of Sergipe in the northeastern region of Brazil.
"A Midsummer Night's Dream" is a comedy, written by William Shakespeare.
Vodka is an alcoholic drink that is usually about 40% alcohol.
Sexual reproduction is a way of reproduction of some animals and plants.
Leprosy is an infectious disease.
Dolley Payne Todd Madison  was the wife of US President James Madison.
Elizabeth Kortright Monroe  was the wife of James Monroe.
Celestia is a free 3D astronomy program for Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux.
Bill Cullen was an American television game show host.
Rudi Carrell  was a very successful showmaster.
Lung cancer is the malignant change and growth of lung tissue, and is the most deadly form of cancer worldwide.
Whitchurch is a small town in the north of Shropshire, England.
"Panthera" is a genus of the family Felidae.
A superpower is a country that is one of the most powerful countries in the world.
The Snow Leopard  is a feline, living in central Asia.
Yonkers, New York is the 4th largest city in the American state of New York.
Louisa Catherine Johnson Adams  was the wife of US President John Quincy Adams.
Angelica Singleton Van Buren  acted as the First Lady of the United States.
Jane Irwin Harrison  was the First Lady of the United States for a very brief period.
Mary Ann Todd Lincoln  was the wife of Abraham Lincoln, the sixteenth President of the United States.
Jacqueline Lee Bouvier Kennedy Onassis , was the wife of President John F.
A missile is a projectile that can be propelled by rocket fuel at a target.
Salford is a city in England.
"The Nightmare Before Christmas" is a 1993 stop-motion movie from director Tim Burton.
Crumple zones in a car helps to reduce the impact of force when the car crashes into a solid barrier.
Harriet Rebecca Lane , was the niece of James Buchanan, the 15th president of the United States, whom never married.
Afelia is a Greek food.
The President of Ireland  is the head of state of the Republic of Ireland.
Normandy is a region in the northern part of France.
Sarah Childress Polk  was the wife of the US President James K.
Anna Tuthill Symmes Harrison  was the wife of President William Henry Harrison.
Sarah Yorke Jackson  was the daughter in law of US President Andrew Jackson.
The order Carnivora is a group of mammals.
Fowl are birds that are good to be hunted.
A receipt is usually a piece of paper, but in some parts of the world they can also be hard tokens.
The word "error" can mean different things.
The Union of European Football Associations mostly called the UEFA, is the organization that controls European football  .
The Asian Football Confederation often referred to as just AFC, is the organization that controls Asian football.
Micronesia is an area in Oceania.
The 2002 FIFA World Cup was a football sporting event that was held in South Korea and Japan from May 31 to June 30, 2002.
CONMEBOL or CSF  is the governing body of football in most of South America.
Monotremes are a group of mammals that form the order Monotremata.
The FIFA Club World Championship is the most important competition in the sport of Club football.
The spermatic cord is a cord-like structure in the human body that run from the abdomen down to each testicle.
Mixed martial arts  is a sport where two people fight to see which one is dominant.
Urarina are Indigenous Peoples who live in the Peruvian Amazon Rainforest.
Sergipe is the smallest state in Brazil.
The Soviet war in Afghanistan was a war fought between the forces of the Soviet Union, and Islamic tribes of Afghanistan who were against the Communist government set up by the Soviets.
Emily Tennessee Donelson  was the niece of President of the United States Andrew Jackson.
Letitia Christian Tyler  was the first wife of John Tyler, the tenth President of the United States.
Julia Gardiner Tyler  was the second wife of John Tyler, the tenth President of the United States.
"Newsround" is a television programme for children.
Sir Lancelot was a character in the legend of King Arthur, and was a Knight of the Round Table.
The Pitcairn Islands are a group of islands in the southern Pacific.
The Sun Bear  is a bear living in Southeast Asia.
Elizabeth Priscilla Cooper Tyler  was the daughter in law of John Tyler.
Eliza McCardle Johnson  was the wife of Andrew Johnson, the 17th President of the United States.
Rose Elizabeth Cleveland  was the sister of Grover Cleveland, the President of the United States.
Project Gutenberg  was founded in 1971.
Fitzgerald was an alcoholic, and died of a heart attack in 1940.
Cupertino is a small town in Silicon Valley in the U.S.
"The A-Team" was an American action television series that started in 1983 and ended in 1987.
"Philadelphia" is a 1993 movie starring Tom Hanks and Denzel Washington.
"Forrest Gump" is a 1994 drama movie.
Edward Moore "Ted" Kennedy  has been a Senator for the U.S.
The Flag of Singapore consists of two horizontal halves, red above white.
Elizabeth Virginia Wallace Truman  was the wife of Harry S.
Margaret Mackall Smith Taylor , wife of Zachary Taylor, the President of the United States.
The Persian Gulf is the name of a geographical place.
Sikh Republic of Khalistan is a non-independent country in the Indian occupied territories of Punjab , Haryana and Himachal Pradesh.
The World Trade Organization  is an international group of many countries.
Międzyrzec Podlaski is a city in the east of Poland, located on the Krzna rivers.
The Qing Dynasty  was a dynasty of rulers of China from 1644 AD to 1912 AD.
Hypnosis means putting someone  into a trance and sending messages through to their brain while they are in this semi-conscious  state.
The Krusty Krab is a fictional fast food restaurant in the television series, "SpongeBob SquarePants".
The M6 motorway is the longest motorway in the United Kingdom.
The Sloth Bear  is a bear that lives in South Asia.
An inclined plane is a simple machine.
Jamestown is a city located in southwestern New York State, United States.
Lego, also called LEGO, is a type of toy created and made by the Lego Group, a company in Denmark.
The giant panda  is a type of bear.
The Game Boy Color is a video game console from the Nintendo company, introduced in October 1998.
Hula is a type of dancing from Hawaii.
Herakles  is a person in Greek mythology.
A Steam engine is an engine which uses steam power to operate.
Computer programming is the process of making a program to run on a computer or console-based system.
"BASIC" is one of the first programming languages ever to be created.
Mount Mayon is an active volcano located in the province of Albay, Philippines.
"Visual Basic.NET" is the second series of Microsoft's Visual Basic series.
Many scientists and others are interested in the temperature record of Earth.
Camping is a leisure activity where people leave their homes and spend one or more nights outdoors, usually to enjoy nature or a different environment.
New Guinea is a big island north of Australia.
Honda is a large company from Japan.
Camelids are a group of even-toed ungulate mammals.
Wallis and Futuna, officially called the Territory of Wallis and Futuna Islands , is a group of three volcanic tropical islands , Futuna, and Alofi with fringing reefs, which are located in the South Pacific Ocean between Fiji and Samoa.
Western New Guinea is the western half of the island of New Guinea.
The Maluku Islands  are an archipelago in Indonesia, and part of the larger Malay Archipelago.
Domestication is a change that happens in wild animals or plants, when they are kept by humans for a long time.
"Night of the Living Dead" is a 1968 horror movie from director George A.
The Russian Civil War was a civil war fought from 1918 to c.1921 between several groups in Russia.
"Foster's Home For Imaginary Friends" is a children's cartoon that is shown on Cartoon Network.
History.
El Niño-Southern Oscillation  is a term describing a natural event that occurs in the Pacific Ocean.
A pressure cooker is a type of pot with a very tight lid.
Year 1710  was a year starting on Wednesday of the Gregorian calendar.
Pescozada is a hip-hop group from El Salvador.
Rhyme means words that sound the same or similar in their endings.
A lock is a thing that keeps people from opening something, such as a door or a box.
A knob is a round handle that can be turned or pulled.
"The Sims 2" is a 2004 video game and the sequel to "The Sims".
"RollerCoaster Tycoon"  is a series of computer games where the user can make their own theme park.
Fuhua Secondary School is a school in Jurong West, Singapore.
Eintracht Frankfurt is a German sports club, best known for the football section.
The Commonwealth is a name for some countries which were part of the British Empire before they became independent.
A nuclear meltdown describes a special type of situation, which may happen at a nuclear reactor.
Zarathushtra was an ancient prophet.
The Russian Empire, also called Imperial Russia, was a big country.
The International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement is a movement to save human life and health.
The cello is an instrument used to play music.
European colonization of the Americas is a term which many historians use to describe colonization and settlement by Europeans in North America and South America.
Doha  is the capital city of Qatar.
Bandar Seri Begawan is the capital city of Brunei.
Thimphu  is the capital city of Bhutan.
Colombo  is the largest city of Sri Lanka.
Malé  is the capital city of Maldives.
Islamabad  is the Federal capital city of Pakistan, and is located in the Pothohar Plateau in the northwest of the country.
Wall of Voodoo is a rock band from the United States.
The Khyber Pass   is the most important pass between Pakistan with Afghanistan; National "border" Pass .
Ground zero is the name for the exact place where an explosion occurs.
Anne Rice  is an American author of horror/fantasy books.
Motley's Crew is a comic strip that had few but very devoted followers.
A homemaker is a person whose main job is to take care of their own family home and children.
A necktie  is an article of clothing worn by men.
A joke is something told to make people laugh.
A brother-in-law is the brother of someone's wife or husband.
Someone's sister-in-law is the wife of his or her brother.
A tuxedo is an ensemble  of clothing which includes a dress shirt, a bow tie, dress pants, a tuxedo suit jacket, dress socks, leather dress shoes, and sometimes a vest.
Experience points are numbers used in role-playing games to determine whether to make the character more powerful and enhance the magic power of the character that the player is pretending to be.
Hideto Matsumoto  was a Japanese musician.
To measure something is to give a number to some property of the thing.
Alligator clips are toothed clips on the ends of electric wires.
James Gordon Brown,  is the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and is in the leader of the British Labour Party.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer is a political office in the United Kingdom.
The Dallas Cowboys are a professional American Football team from the Dallas, Texas area.
Duncanville is a city in Texas that is right next to Dallas, Texas, USA.
Koror is the capital city of Palau.
Palikir is the capital city of the Federated States of Micronesia.
The Atari XL was a 8 bit Home Computer and was introduced 1979.
Port Moresby  is the capital city and the main city of Papua New Guinea.
Astana  is the capital city of Kazakhstan.
A national emblem is an official symbol for a country.
The Cessna 172 is one of the best-selling single engine airplanes in the world.
The United States Marine Corps  is one of the 5 branches of the military of the United States in the United States Department of Defense.
San Antonio is a large city in southern Texas, USA.
The Alamo is an old Spanish Mission  that is located in what is now San Antonio, Texas, USA.
Odessa  is a city in southwestern Ukraine.
Lady Elizabeth Angela Marguerite Bowes-Lyon .
The United States Department of Defense, also known as the DoD, is a department in the United States government that is in charge of the military of the United States.
The United States Department of the Navy was created by the United States Congress on April 30, 1798.
There are many people called Queen Elizabeth.
A weather station has machines that measure wind speed, wind direction, temperature, barometric pressure, and humidity of the air around them.
Full cut panties are underwear for women.
The earth is covered in a layer of air.
Franz Adolf Berwald was a Swedish composer of the 19th Century.
Chemnitz is a city in Germany.
This is a list of Brazilian football teams.
The small intestine is an intestine, and a part of many living beings.
A songwriter is a writer who creates songs.
Hezbollah  is an Islamic political party and paramilitary organization.
Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras, usually called Palmeiras, is a Brazilian football team.
According to Hindu mythology, Agastya was the name of a famous sage .
The International Criminal Court  was created on 1 July 2002.
According to Hinduism and Hindu mythology, Brahma is one of the three major gods of Hindus.
Asexual reproduction is also known as "agamogenesis".
Brahman is the concept of God in Hinduism.
The International Monetary Fund  is an international organization.
São Paulo Futebol Clube, usually called São Paulo FC or just São Paulo, is a very traditional Brazilian football team from São Paulo.
The World Bank Group is a group of five international organizations.
The International Court of Justice is an international organization.
The Indian independence movement was a movement from 1857  until August 15, 1947, when India got independence from the British Raj.
The Declaration of the Establishment of the State of Israel is a document of world history.
According to Hinduism and Hindu mythology, Parvati is the wife of Shiva.
Estádio Palestra Itália, also known as Parque Antártica, is the name of the football stadium of Palmeiras.
The 4th Pan American Games were held in 1963 in São Paulo, Brazil.
The Pan American Games are a multi-sport event, held every four years between competitors from all nations of the Americas.
Campinas  is a Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo.
Multilingualism is when a person can speak more than one language.
The Fall/Liberation of Sàigòn happened on April 30, 1975.
Between Friends is a comic strip from Canada created by Sandra Bell-Lundy.
Patrice Émery Lumumba  was the only elected leader of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Hồ Chí Minh  was the leader  of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam .
The Declaration of Independence of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam was a speech read by Ho Chi Minh on September 2, 1945, in Ba Dinh Square, Hanoi, Vietnam, which proclaims the independence of the Democractic Republic of Vietnam from France and Japan Empire after the Second World War.
The Khmer Rouge  in romanized Khmer, French language for Red Khmer, were a Stalinist, Maoist-extremist group which took over the capital of Kampuchea, Phnom Penh, on April 17, 1975.
Juche is the group of ideas professed by North Korean leaders Kim Il-Sung and Kim Jung-Il.
Kigali  is the capital city of Rwanda.
Louis XVI  was King of France and Kingdom of Navarre.
Paul Kagame  is the President of Rwanda.
The Juche Tower is a monument in Pyongyang, North Korea.
Space exploration is a term, which describes searching the outer space.
Vietnamese  is the official language of Vietnam.
According to Hinduism and Hindu mythology, Valmiki is the name of a famous rishi ..
Kali is one of the goddesses in Hinduism.
Petr Čech  is a Czech football player.
Mustafa Kemal Atatürk was the first President of the Republic of Turkey and the anti-imperialist leader of Turkey until his death in 1938.
Morumbi Stadium or Estádio do Morumbi is the biggest stadium in São Paulo, Brazil.
Bail is money given to the court to guarantee that someone will go to their trial.
A Soufflé is a light fluffy food, made from egg whites.
A blossom is a flower that grows on stone fruit trees and other plants including oranges, cherries, plums, apples and almonds .
Marmalade is a topping, like a jam or jelly, that is usually made with oranges.
Thomas Masterson Hardy  was an English novelist and poet.
A manhole is a hole in a road or a walkway for a person to go into, usually to fix something underground, like sewers or telephone lines.
Sewers are underground pipes to take away dirty water and human waste from homes, offices and many other places.
Pajamas  are loose clothes that people wear while they are sleeping.
Goodnight is something people say instead of goodbye if they are leaving each other in the evening or night.
A grocery store  is a retail store that sells fresh fruit, vegetables, and meat, packaged foods, household cleaning and laundry supplies, and a hygiene items .
Barter is trading one thing for another without using money.
Carlsile United F.C.
Baroque Pop is a style of music that came out in the 1960s.
Leica is a camera company located in Wetzlar, Germany.
2011 is a year in the 21st century.
Tiến Quân Ca, meaning "Army March" is the national anthem  of Vietnam.
The Blizzard of 2003, also called the Presidents' Day Storm of 2003, or Presidents' Day Storm II, was a very big snowstorm on the East Coast of the United States and Canada, which started on February 15 and ended on February 18, 2003.
To import means to bring goods into your country from another country.
The Organization of American States  is an international organization based in Washington, D.C.
Gustav Holst (b.
Nelson's Column is a national monument of the United Kingdom based in Trafalgar Square, London, England.
In genealogy, a cousin is a relative, other than an ancestor or descendant, who shares a common ancestor.
Livestock are domestic animals that are kept by people for food, milk, leather, or wool.
A breed is a domesticated subspecies of an animal.
A storm means strong weather, usually strong rain and wind.
Hemisphere means half  of the Earth .
Pressure means how much something is pushing on something else expressed as force per unit area.
An Alligator is a group of animals in the order "Crocodilia".
Curitiba (pron.
The order "Crocodilia" is a group of reptiles.
Biometrics is a field of study.
Bandwidth is a measure of how much frequency space of a spectrum is used.
The hertz  is a unit to measure frequency.
"Batman Returns" was the second major Batman film produced, and the second  Batman film directed by Tim Burton.
Ulster Scots, sometimes called Ullans, is a dialect of Lowland Scots that is spoken in some of the northern parts of Ireland.
Sara Cox  is an English broadcaster.
The Winx Club is an animated series starring six girls  who can use magic.
The jack o'lantern mushroom is an orange-red gilled mushroom that looks like the chanterelle and emits light.
The current mayor is Dennis Travale who was elected on November 13, 2006.
Simcoe is a small town in Norfolk County, Ontario, Canada.
Simcoe Composite School is a high school in Simcoe, Ontario, Canada.
The Liberal Party of Australia , in coalition with the National Party of Australia , is one of the two main political groups in Australian politics .
Paul John Keating  was the 24th Prime Minister of Australia.- Paul Keating grew up in the city of Sydney and the suburb of Blacktown.
The Commonwealth of Independent States  is the international organization, or alliance.
The Association of Southeast Asian Nations  is an international organization.
An electric motor changes electrical energy into mechanical movement.
Explosives are of two types: low explosives and high explosives.
The United Nations Children's Fund or UNICEF is an international organization.
German reunification  is a term of history.
Prelude.
The Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth was a federation of two countries of the 16th century.
The Unification of Germany is a term in history.
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries  is an international organization.
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development  is an international organization of thirty countries.
The 1973 oil crisis started on October 17, 1973.
Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe  is an international organization.
The Franco-Prussian War was a war between France and Prussia.
Kaohsiung  is the second largest city of Taiwan and the main city in Southern Taiwan.
Fernando Alonso  is a racing driver in Formula One.
Peter James Crouch is an English football player.
Delhi is a tobacco town in Norfolk County, Ontario, Canada that has fewer than 5000 people.
Taipei County is located in northern Taiwan and it circles Taipei City.
Bishkek  is the capital city of Kyrgyzstan.
Dushanbe  is the capital city of Tajikistan, population 562,000 people .
The Taiwan Strait or Formosa Strait is a 180km-wide strait between mainland China and the island of Taiwan.
Tashkent  is the capital city of Uzbekistan.
Aşgabat  is the capital city of Turkmenistan.
A wedge is a piece having the shape of a triangle.
A crew usually is a group of people that work within a common organisation, and that have some activities in common.
Cargo is the name people give to goods which they transport, using a ship, airplane, lorry , train or spacecraft.
If people talk about that they need to pay money to the state or the police, to get free, the correct legal term used is usually bail.
Paraphilia is a word used in sociology and medicine.
Belo Horizonte is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Minas Gerais.
Bohemia is one of the regions of the Czech Republic.
Rhododendron is a large genus of flowering plants.
Jasmine is a genus of plants.
Yaren is the largest settlement on the island country Nauru.
Nupedia was a website with encyclopedia pages.
An article is a little word that comes before a noun.
Waterfront is the land by the side of a body of water (E.g.
East Asia or Eastern Asia is a subregion of Asia that covers about 6,640,000 km², or 15% of the Asian continent.
"Note":The cities of Taipei and Kaohsiung are managed directly by the central government and are not part of Taiwan province, though the counties of the same name all around these cities are part of the province.
Tbilisi  is the capital city of Georgia, lying on the banks of the Kura  river, at 41°43′N 44°47′E.
A robot is a machine or a computer program which seems to have a life of its own.
Habemus Papam refers to the announcement given in Latin by the Senior Cardinal Deacon when a new Pope has been chosen.
Xabi Alonso  is a Spanish football player, plays for Liverpool F.C..
Porto Alegre is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Rio Grande do Sul.
Salvador is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Bahia.
Goiânia is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Goiás.
Campo Grande is a Brazilian city.
Cuiabá is a Brazilian city.
Vitória is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Espírito Santo.
Fortaleza is a city in Brazil.
São Luiz is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Maranhão.
João Pessoa is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Paraíba.
Teresina is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Piauí.
Natal is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Rio Grande do Norte.
Rio Branco is a Brazilian city and capital of the state of Acre.
The Council of Europe  is an international organization of 47 member states in the European region.
Palmas is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Tocantins.
Macapá is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Amapá.
Belém is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Pará.
Florianópolis is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Santa Catarina.
Porto Velho is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Rondônia.
Boa Vista is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Roraima.
Recife is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Pernambuco.
Recognition, or recognize, is when humans or animals familiarize the surrounding objects or beings as an enemy, friend, dangerous, or harmless.
Cystic fibrosis  is a common heriditary disease that affects the whole body, causing gradually worsening disability and early death.
FireWire is a way to connect things together to transfer information.
De facto is a phrase from the Latin language that means "in fact" or "in practice".
A househusband is a husband that chooses to stay at home instead of working at a career.
Port Dover is a small fishing town in Ontario, Canada.
Julius Kambarage Nyerere , also known as Mwalimu , was President of Tanzania from 1964 to 1985, though he was still influential in politics until his death in 1999 because of his popularity.
The Interahamwe  was the main militia responsible for the 1994 Rwandan Genocide in which about one million abahutu against the genocide and abatutsi were massacred.
Quốc Ngữ  is the official writing system of the Vietnamese language.
Democratic Kampuchea was the official name of Kampuchea from 1976 to January 1979, during the Khmer Rouge Years, though the international community recognized it for ten more years.
Lindsborg, Kansas is an American city in the state of Kansas.
A pie is a type of food.
Customer service is the giving of labor and other resources to satisfy a customer's needs.
Busan  is a major port city in South Korea and is the second-largest city in the country.
Sarcasm is when someone says something, but means something else.
A lie is something that someone says that is not true.
Germ-X is a brand of washless hand sanitizer.
A brand is a trademark: a name, symbol, logo, or other item used to distinguish a product or maker from other companies and their items.
Scratch and sniff refers to paper that produces an odor when it is scratched.
A rose is a genus of flowers.
A mud pie is a pie made of mud.
A pumpkin is a gourd, they are usually orange, but they can also be white.
Ribeirão Preto is a Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo.
Guarulhos is a Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo.
Santos is a Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo.
São José dos Campos is a Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo.
São Bernardo do Campo is a Brazilian city in the ABC Region, state of São Paulo.
Santo André is a Brazilian city in ABC Region, state of São Paulo.
Osasco is a Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo.
Sorocaba is a Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo.
Google Earth is a virtual globe program that was originally called Earth Viewer and was created by Keyhole, Inc.
Google Maps  is a free web mapping service application and technology provided by Google that powers many map-based services including the Google Maps website, Google Ride Finder and embedded maps on third-party websites via the Google Maps API.
Google Video is a free video sharing and video search engine service from Google that allows anyone to upload video clips to Google's web servers as well as make their own media available free of charge; some videos are also offered for sale through the Google Video Store.
Alexander Zane Reid Lowe  is a disc jockey  from New Zealand.
The Islamic Revolution occurred in 1979, in the Muslim country Iran.
A tentacle is a part of the body of an animal that can move freely.
The javelin throw is a sport.
Sea anemones are animals that live in the sea.
Polyps are one of two forms of some animal species.
The Dravidian languages are a language family.
A Medusa  is one of two forms of certain animals that live in the water.
Hatred is a emotion that people feel when they do not like someone or something very much.
East Pakistan  was a former province of Pakistan that existed between 1955 and 1971.
The term East-West Schism is a term related to history of Christianity.
William III of England  was King of England and King of Ireland from 13 February 1689, and King of Scots from 11 April 1689.
Abigail Powers Fillmore , was the wife of Millard Fillmore, the President of the United States.
An acute myocardial infarction, also known as a heart attack, is a heart condition where blood cannot get to part of the heart.
Keith Richards is an English guitarist and songwriter.
Sir Edward William Elgar (b.
The Printing press is a machine.
A mezzo-soprano is a female singer whose voice is a little lower than that of a soprano but not low enough to be called a contralto.
Georges Bizet was a famous French composer of the Romantic period.
Old age is when a person is old and near the time when he or she dies.
"The Crystal Maze" was a gameshow in the United Kingdom.
In very simple words, when a colony of any country becomes independent, it is Decolonization.
Dissolution of the Soviet Union is a term of history.
The Meiji Restoration is a term of history of Japan.
Countries, which are members of the Council of Europe agreed on certain points written in a document.
The European Court of Human Rights  hears and decides particular type of complaints.
Ted Turner is an American businessman.
Taco Bell is a chain of fast-food restaurants in the United States that started in 1958, certain parts of Canada, Asia, Europe and Australia.
Żagań is a town in the west part of Poland.
Etymology.
The chupacabra  is a cryptid said to live in parts of the Americas.
Hydras are simple invertebrates.
A clownfish is a kind of fish.
Bruce Jun Fan Lee  was a Chinese martial artist and actor.
Sir George Martin  is a  British record producer, composer and musical arranger.
Brian Samuel Epstein  was an English businessman from a Jewish family.
Jurong  is a town in the western side of Singapore.
The Plastic Ono Band was a rock and roll band formed by Yoko Ono with husband  John Lennon.
Olsztyn is a city in northeast Poland, on the Łyna river.
Lido Anthony "Lee" Iacocca  created the Ford Mustang in 1964.
A standard is a basis for comparison.
The ginkgo is a plant.
The Mean is a measure from mathematics or from statistics.
A detergent is a chemical that helps people clean things.
Klaus Voormann  is a German-born artist and musician, who was a friend of The Beatles.
Alan White  is a English musician, best known as the drummer from the band Yes.
A stock market is the market that people use to trade shares, which are like small pieces of the company that a person can own.
Irwin Allen Ginsberg  was an American poet and author, who was part of the Beat Generation movement of poets in the 1950s.
Northwestern University is a university in Evanston, Illinois, and Chicago, Illinois.
A door god is a painting pasted on a door.
Jean-Louis Lebris de Kerouac , better known as Jack Kerouac, was an American author and poet.
Himno Istmeño is the anthem of Panama.
Jack Neo is a Singaporean film director at MediaCorp, a Singapore media company.
Fyodor Mikhailovich Dostoevsky   – February 9,1881  was a Russian writer.
Julia Grant , was the wife of Ulysses S.
Jane Means Appleton Pierce  was the wife of Franklin Pierce, President of the United States.
Lucy Ware Webb Hayes  was the wife of Rutherford B.
Caroline Lavinia Scott Harrison  was the wife of Benjamin Harrison.
Helen Herron "Nellie" Taft  was the wife of William Howard Taft, the President of the United States.
Mary Arthur McElroy  was the sister of 21st President of the United States, Chester A.
Frances Clara Folsom Cleveland Preston , was the wife of Grover Cleveland, the President of the United States.
Elizabeth Ann Bloomer Warren Ford  is the wife of Gerald R.
Edith Kermit Carow Roosevelt , was the second wife of Theodore Roosevelt, the President of the United States.
Lucretia Rudolph Garfield , was the wife of James A.
Biotechnology is a technology or science based on biology, especially when this is used in agriculture, food science, and medicine.
Ida Saxton McKinley , was the wife of William McKinley, the President of the United States.
Ellen Louise Axson Wilson  was the first wife of Woodrow Wilson.
Edith Bolling Galt Wilson  was the second wife of Woodrow Wilson.
Florence Harding  was the wife of Warren G.
Louise "Lou" Henry Hoover  was the wife of Herbert Hoover, the President of the United States.
Anna Eleanor Roosevelt  was the wife of Franklin D.
Mamie Geneva Doud Eisenhower  was the wife of General Dwight D.
Lady Bird Johnson, , was the widow of Lyndon B.
Patricia Ryan Nixon  was the wife of Richard Nixon, the 37th President of the United States.
Nancy Davis Reagan  is the widow of Ronald Reagan, the President of the United States.
Furniture is the word that means all the things like chairs, tables and cupboards.
Rhythm is a word that refers to the length of each note in a piece of music.
If something is necessary, it is very important, otherwise something will be impossible, or it will not work as it should do.
Inheritance is the practice of passing on property, titles, debts, and obligations when someone dies.
All the letters in the alphabet are either consonants or vowels.
All the letters in the alphabet are either vowels or consonants.
FC United are an English football team.
A metronome is a small object that can be used by people who are practising instruments to help them to play in time.
Lübeck is a city in the North of Germany, in the state of Schleswig-Holstein.
Weimar is a city in the middle of Germany, in the state of Thuringa.
Augsburg is a city in the South of Germany, in the state of Bavaria.
Münster is the historical capital of Westphalia and belongs to now to the state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Nuremberg  is a city in the German "land" of Bavaria, in Middle Franconia.
The Military-Industrial Complex is the relationship between the military part of the government and the businesses in the country that make things for the military.
Organization  is the idea of putting things together in a logical order.
Heidelberg is a city by the Neckar river in the south-west of Germany in the state of Baden-Württemberg.
Göttingen is a city in the north of Germany, in the state of Lower Saxony.
Trevor Hemmings is a millionaire businessman who lives in the Isle of Man.
Karlsruhe is a city in the south-west of Germany, in the state of Baden-Württemberg.
Wuppertal is a city in the west of Germany, in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Bielefeld is a city in the north-west of Germany, in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Maastricht  is a city in the south of the Netherlands.
Utrecht is a city in the Netherlands.
Groningen is a city in the North of the Netherlands.
Eindhoven is a city in the south of the Netherlands.
Nijmegen is a city in the east of the Netherlands.
Leiden is a city in the west of the Netherlands.
Apeldoorn is a city in the Netherlands.
Tilburg is a city in the south of the Netherlands.
Zwolle  is a city in the east of the Netherlands.
Haiphong  is a city in the north of Vietnam.
Oldenburg is a city in the north of Germany, in the state of Lower Saxony.
Braunschweig is a city in the north of Germany, in the state of Lower Saxony.
Kos is a Greek island, belonging to the Dedokanes island group in the Aegean Sea.
Crete is the greatest of the Greek islands.
Rhodes is a Greek island, belonging to the Dedokanes island group.
Tenerife is one of the seven Canary Islands.
Mallorca is the greatest of the Balearic Islands.
Huế is a city and a district in Central Vietnam.
Nha Thrang  is a city with about 350,000 inhabitants in the middle south of Vietnam.
Da Nang  is a city in central Vietnam.
Rostock is a city in the north-east of Germany, in the state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.
Ingolstadt is a city in the German state of Bavaria near Munich.
Jena is a city in the middle of Germany, in the state of Thuringia.
Paderborn is a city in the middle west of Germany, in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Darmstadt is a city in Germany, in the state of Hesse.
Kassel is a city in Germany, in the state of Hesse.
His Holiness "" is the official title to address  a leader of a religion.
Cottbus is a city in the east of Germany, in the state of Brandenburg.
Mönchengladbach is a city in the very west of Germany, in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Regensburg  is a city in the south of Germany, in the east of the state of Bavaria.
Mannheim is a city in the south-west of Germany, in the north-west of the German state of Baden-Württemberg.
is a city in the south-west of Germany, in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate.
Dordrecht is a city in the Netherlands, in the province South Holland.
's-Hertogenbosch  is a municipality in the Netherlands, and also the capital of the province of North Brabant.
Razorlight are an Anglo-Swedish indie rock band.
Gran Canaria is one of the Canary Islands in the Atlantic Ocean.
Bremerhaven is a city in the north of Germany, in the state of Bremen.
Jamie Oliver  is an English celebrity chef.
Neuss is a city in the west of Germany, in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Oberhausen is a city in Germany, in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, in the Ruhr Area.
Gießen or Giessen is a city in the German state of Hesse.
Ludwigshafen on the Rhine is to Mannheim the second largest city of the Metropolregion Rhein-Neckar.
Krefeld is a city in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia, near Düsseldorf.
Zwickau is a city in the German state of Saxony.
Anton Praetorius was a German religious person and writer.
Hagen is a city in the Arnsberg Government Region in the Ruhr area in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany.
Hamm is a city in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Herne is a German city, in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, belonging to the Ruhr area.
Mülheim an der Ruhr is a city in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia, belonging to the Ruhr area.
Solingen is a city in Germany, in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Europa is a large moon of the planet Jupiter.
Keane are a modern rock band.
Timothy James Rice-Oxley  is the English pianist of rock band Keane.
Thomas "Tom" Oliver Chaplin  is the singer of the rock band Keane.
"Somewhere Only We Know" is a song by English band Keane.
"Under The Iron Sea" is the second  album by rock band Keane.
This is a list of songs of Keane.
"Everybody's Changing" is the first single by the rock band Keane.
Dominic "Dom" Scott {May 15, 1979) is an Irish guitarist.
Langeoog  is an German Island in the North Sea.
A shirt is a kind of cloth which is made to cover the chest.
A T-shirt or tee shirt is a kind of shirt which has short sleeves.
A sleeve is a piece of material which covers an arm.
A taxi  is a form of public transport.
Eastbourne is a town in the south of England.
A sunburn is a kind of burn that happens when skin touches sunlight for too long.
Antwerpen is a city in the north of Belgium.
Trieste is a city in the north-east of Italy in the region of Friuli-Venezia Giulia.
Offenbach is a city in the German state of Hesse.
Heibronn is a city in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.
is a city in the German state of Lower Saxony.
Pforzheim is a city in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.
Recklinghausen is a city in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia, belonging to the Ruhr area.
Wolfsburg is a city in the German state of Lower Saxony.
is a city in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Erlangen is a German city in the state of Bavaria.
Gera is a city in the east of Germany, in the state of Thuringia.
Remscheid is a city in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
TinyIRC is a console based Internet Relay Chat client for GNU based systems.
Undernet is an Internet Relay Chat network that was made in 1992.
AMD  is a large American company that makes computer hardware.
The Illinois Institute of Technology  is a private university in Chicago, Illinois, United States.
Hermann Minkowski  was a German mathematician.
A certificate of deposit  is a way to store money at a bank or credit union.
Cousins Subs is a "sub" shop that makes submarine sandwiches.
Robert Walpole, 1st Earl of Orford was born in Houghton, Norfolk on August 26 1676.
Leeuwarden is a city in the north of the Netherlands.
Middelburg is a town in the Netherlands and the capitol of the province Zeeland.
Haarlem is a city in the Netherlands and the capital of the province North Holland.
Lelystad is a town in the middle of the Netherlands.
Assen is a town in the north-east of the Netherlands.
Breda is a city in the south of the Netherlands.
Enschede is a city in the east of the Netherlands.
Amersfoort is a city in the middle of the Netherlands.
Zoetermeer is a city in South Holland in the Netherlands.
Almere is a city in the Netherlands.
Hilversum is a town in North Holland in the Netherlands.
Roermond is a town in the province Limburg in the east of the Netherlands.
Venlo is a city in the very east of the Netherlands.
Delft is a city in the province South Holland in the Netherlands.
Deventer is a city in the east of the Netherlands.
Ede is a town in the Netherlands with 65,000 inhabitants, the communal district  of Ede has 107,000 inhabitants.
The Freud Museum is a museum in London.
The Emu is a large bird, one of the rare birds that cannot fly.
Kiwis are birds from New Zealand.
The Dodo is an extinct species of bird.
Tolkaapiyam is a book on grammar of the Tamil language.
Great Auk was a large bird, that could not fly.
Abbey Road Studios, usually called just "Abbey Road", are the recording studios located inside EMI's headquarters in St.
Ujamaa, meaning 'familyhood' is the group of ideas of Tanzanian President Julius Nyerere.
A prisoner is a person who is arrested, spending his time in a prison.
A polypore is a hard, brittle mushroom with pores underneath its cap.
The Fachhochschule Düsseldorf is a so called Fachhochschule , that means a special kind of college, with technical, design and business subjects in Düsseldorf.
Psychoanalysis is one of major psychological paradigm, that seem people by their unconsciousness besides their consciousness.
Zaandam is a town district  in the west of the Netherlands, in the province North Holland.
Windows 3.1x was a family of Microsoft Windows operating systems released from 1992 to 1994.
A woodwind instrument is an instrument belonging to the woodwind family.
Bewitched was a comedy television show.
"Dumbo" is a 1941 animated movie produced by Walt Disney and first released on October 23, 1941 by RKO Radio Pictures.
(born;* 10.
Beresford is a city in South Dakota, a state of the United States of America.
Gotthold Ephraim Lessing (* 22.
Heinrich Böll  was a German writer.
Anna Seghers  was a German writer.
Johann Christoph Friedrich von Schiller , usually known as Friedrich Schiller'", was a German poet, philosopher, historian, and dramatist.
Clement Richard Attlee, 1st Earl Attlee, KG, OM, CH, PC was born on 3 January 1883 and died on 8 October 1967 was a British prime minister.
The bassoon is the lowest of the four main instruments of the woodwind family.
An octave is the distance between two musical notes that have the same letter name.
Tinder is a material that is used to start fires easily when lit with a match.
Stephen Joseph Harper, born April 30, 1959, is the Prime Minister of Canada.
A tadpole or polliwog is young frog that breathes and lives in the water.
Zeulenroda-Triebes is a German town in the rural district of Greiz in Thuringia.
Harry Edward Nilsson III  was an American singer and songwriter, whose biggest hits were during the late 1960s, and the 1970s.
An acoustic guitar is a type of musical instrument.
A flipper is a special kind of limb that is shaped like a paddle for moving through water that aquatic animals,  such as whales and seals have.
Coral fungi are mushrooms that are usually shaped like coral from the ocean but can also be shaped like forks, worms or clubs.
A stone fruit is a fruit with one large seed inside.
A humpback whale  is a large baleen whale with large, knobby flippers.
Slovak is the language spoken in Slovakia, a country in Eastern Europe.
"Electronic Arts"  is a large company which makes computer and video games all over the world.
A tap, faucet, or spigot is something that a liquid or gas comes out of.
The Hymn of the Soviet Union had official versions in many other languages besides Russian.
A competition or contest is an event where people get together to see who is the best at something.
"SimCity" is a computer game where the player has to build a city.
A doorstop  is a tool.
Digital Rights Management is a way to stop people from making copies.
Cement is a brown or grey material that keeps together other materials.
Brown algae are a large group of protists.
Bacillus is a kind of bacteria.
Milk powder is a powder made by dehydrating milk.
Vaccinium vitis-idaea  is a small evergreen shrub that produces edible fruits.
Dehydration  means less water in something.
Square Enix is a Japanese company that makes video games and manga.
A game designer is someone who designs games.
Shigeru Miyamoto  is a Japanese game designer.
Individual can be an adjective or a noun.
A truck  is a vehicle used to transport goods.
The Crown-of-thorns Starfish  is a type of sea star.
Sea urchins are invertebrates that live in the sea.
Brittle stars are much like sea stars.
Bivalves is a huge class of mollusks.
The card is a small, flat paper or plastic object with text and figures.
Bishop is a title for a rank in the clergy of a Christian Church.
A tray is a shallow container designed for carrying things.
The Okney Islands  is a group of islands.
Methodism, or the Methodist movement, is a group of Protestant denominations.
The salivary glands make saliva.
The vas deferens is also called the ductus deferens, .
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna  was a follower of Karl Marx and a doctor who was born in Argentina.
A whisker is a long, thick hair around the mouth of some animals such as cats and mice, that the animal uses to feel its surroundings.
In volcanology, magma is melted rock that is under the ground.
Glue is a sticky material  that can stick two or more things together.
The Angara is a river in Siberia, Russia, close to the Jenissei.
The Yenisei  is a river in Siberia.
Moonspell is a gothic metal band from Portugal.
Siberia is the part of Russia that is in Asia.
The Opel Corsa is a small car produced by General Motors since 1983.
Iron Maiden is an English heavy metal band.
Ljubljana is capital city of Slovenia.
Nuku'alofa is the capital city of Tonga.
General Motors is a very big car company.
Bartolomeu Dias, also known as "Bartholomew Dias", was a Portuguese explorer who was the first European to sail past the Cape of Good Hope.
Cape Agulhas is the point in Africa which is farthest south.
Holy Roman Emperor was the title that was given to the ruler of a loose group of places in what is now called Germany called the Holy Roman Empire.
Fatu Hiva is a tropical island in the Pacific Ocean.
Tampere  is the third largest city in Finland.
Asikkala is one of the municipalities of Finland.
Lordi is a Finnish Heavy metal band, which won the Eurovision Song Contest 2006 with the song "Hard Rock Hallelujah".
A CD-R  is a compact disc that can be recorded once.
"The Truman Show" is a movie released in 1998.
Krill are shrimp-like crustaceans that can be found in all the oceans of the world.
Subaru is a car company that is part of a larger Japanese company called Fuji Heavy Industries, who also makes other things like buses and airplanes.
A giraffe  is an even-toed ungulate mammal from Africa.
Giant isopods are big crustaceans that live at the bottom of the ocean.
These three are the main strands of elementary algebra.
Kesalahti  is a municipality in Finland.
Eckerö is a municipality in the Åland Islands, Finland.
Utsjoki is a municipality in Finland.
Savitaipale is a Finnish municipality in the South Karelia region.
Vantaa  is the fourth largest city in Finland after Helsinki, Espoo and Tampere.
Karstula is a municipality in Central Finland.
Dimmu Borgir is a black metal band founded in 1993 in Norway.
A villain is a bad person.
Sonata Arctica is a Finnish power metal band founded in 1996 in Kemi.
A carpet is a rectangular piece of woven textile.
A digon is a shape that has two sides and two corners .
A great circle the largest possible circle that can be drawn on a sphere, one that divides the surface into equal halves, called hemispheres.
John Dalton  was a British chemist and physicist.
Kauniainen  is a city in Finland.
Nummi-Pusula is a municipality in Finland.
A medicine man is a traditional Native American healer.
The basement is the lowest room in some buildings, almost always below the ground.
A landfill is a place where waste is held.
A reproductive system is the part of an organism that makes them able to sexually reproduce.
The rectum is a part of the gastrointestinal system.
In the United States, the county seat is the capital of a county.
Pacific Islands are islands that are in the Pacific Ocean.
The large intestine is the last part of the digestive system.
Joensuu is a city in Finland.
Tuupovaara was a municipality in the North Karelia region of Finland.
Urine is liquid created by the body in the kidneys.
Rudolf 'Rudi' Vrba , was a Professor in the Department of Pharmacology and Therapeutics at the University of British Columbia in Canada.
Joel Brand  was a Jew from Hungary.
Auschwitz concentration camp was the largest concentration camp of Nazi Germany.
Savukoski  is a Finnish municipality in the Province of Lapland.
Friedrich Dürrenmatt  was a writer and philosopher from Switzerland.
Kampala is the capital of Uganda.
Genoa  is a city and capital of the Liguria region in Italy.
Liguria is a region of a Northern Italy.
The Royal Opera House is a famous opera house in London.
Kalahasti is a place in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Ravidas, also spelt as Raidas, was an Indian saint of 15th century.
Rishi is a word used in many Hindu scriptures.
Tiruvannamalai is a place in the Indian state of Tamilnadu.
Vishvamitra is the name of a rishi  of ancient India.
Rabindranath Tagore  was a Bengali poet from Undivided India.
The Tamil people are an ethnic group from South Asia.
Down syndrome  is a genetic disorder.
Umberto Eco  is an Italian writer and professor for middle age history in Bologna.
A balloon is a bag that is usually filled with gas.
Einsteinium is a chemical element with the atomic number 99.
The vulva is a body part of female mammals .
Numbers are equal, geometrical objects are congruent.
Deism is the name of the belief that while a higher being  exists, people should rely on logic and reason and not traditions of their religion.
The Cleveland Indians are a Major League Baseball team.
Friuli Venezia-Giulia is a region in the North-east of Italy on the Adriatic Sea.
Udine is a province of regions Friuli-Venezia Giulia in Italy.
Günter Wilhelm Grass  is a German writer and winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature.
The Occitan language  is a Romance language spoken in parts of southern France, Spain, and Italy.
A singer who is a bass is a man with a low singing voice.
Plankton are important in the ocean's food chain.
Wake Forest University is a university located in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
Mirza Ghulam Ahmad  , a religious figure belonging to India, was the founder of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community.
Pharmacology is the study of how things have an effect on living organisms and change how they function.
The Indo-European languages are a large language family.
The Gulf of Mexico is a round sea, called a gulf.
Zaire  used to be the name of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Pneumonia is a disease of the lungs and the respiratory system.
Encino, California is a district of Los Angeles.
Winter Olympic Games .
Woodside is a town in California with a population of about 5,000 people and over 5,000 horses.
A pathogen  is a "biological agent"  that causes a disease in its Pathogenic bacteria: these are bacteria that cause disease in humans, animals and even plants.
A pesticide is a chemical that is used to kill or prevent animals  which are considered to be unwanted.
Inhalation is what occurs when people breathe.
Severe acute respiratory syndrome   was an atypical pneumonia.
Ballet is a type of dance.
Lazio or Latium is a region in the center of Italy.
Rudolf Christian Karl Diesel  was a German engineer and inventor.
Nikolaus August Otto  was a German engineer.
Quito is the capital city of Ecuador.
Tubuai is one of the islands of French Polynesia.
The Uralic languages are a language family.
The Indo-Aryan languages make a subgroup of the Indo-Iranian languages, which belong to the Indo-European family of languages.
The Indo-Iranian languages are a language family inside of the Indo-European languages.
The Slavic languages  are a language family inside of the Indo-European languages.
Siena is a city in the Italian region of Tuscany.
Padua  is an Italian city near to Venice.
Mary Patricia McAleese is the eighth President of the Republic of Ireland.
A divorce is the legal end of a marriage.
A writing system is a system of symbols that are used to represent language.
A cloudberry is a species of fruit that grows in very cold climates.
Migration is when animals leave a place which has no more food, usually because of the winter season.
Taking Back Sunday is a alternative rock band from Amityville, New York.
Scent marks are what animals leave when they are marking their territory.
Maputo is the capital of Mozambique.
The Original Sin refers to Adam and Eve in the religious book The Bible, who broke God's order not to eat the forbidden fruit because they doubted God and were persuaded by the snake to eat it.
American Airlines, Inc.
Romanization or Latinization of Ukrainian refers to a system for showing the Ukrainian letter in Latin letters.
Magical DoReMi is a girl-oriented anime that follows the adventures of three elementary school girls as they help Patina turn back into a human being.
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche  was a German author and philosopher.
A movie screen is something that a movie is played on to.
Metallica is an American thrash metal/heavy metal band.
A time bomb is bomb with a timer on it.
Zinedine Yazid Zidane  is a former football player from France.
Babylon was an old city in Mesopotamia .
Genetic engineering'", or GE, is a branch of biology.
Kim Il-Sung  was the leader of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea  from the time it was formed until his death  in 1994.
A Nucleophilic substitution is a chemical reaction.
The 1270s is the decade starting January 1, 1270, and ending December 31, 1279.
Brasschaat is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
The Okapi  is an even-toed ungulate mammal from central Africa.
Giraffidae is a family of mammals, in the order of the even-toed ungulates.
Amman, sometimes spelled Ammann , is the capital city of Jordan.
Riyadh  is the capital city of Saudi Arabia.
Popular culture is culture enjoyed by some Westernized people.
A mental hospital is a place where mentally sick people are kept until doctors are ready to place them into halfway houses, where they are slowly released into society.
A military camp is a training area for soldiers who seek to join the Army.
A private is the lowest rank of the Army or Marines.
A spinster is an older word for an unmarried woman.
Dick Clark  is an American television entertainer.
Perl is a programming language that was first made to change text files.
Johannes Kepler  was a German astronomer.
Pascal is a programming language.
The hymen  is a membrane-like tissue that blocks the vaginal opening.
Maidenhead is a town in England in Berkshire.
The Gräfenberg spot  is an area found behind the pubic bone of a woman.
Skene's glands  are glands in the upper wall of the vagina.
The Bartholin's glands are two glands found slightly below and to the left and right of the opening of the vagina in women.
A gland is a special organ.
Sevastopol  is a large sea port and city.
Aegukka , meaning The Patriotic Song is the national anthem of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea .
Aegukga , meaning The Patriotic Song is the national anthem of the Republic of Korea .
Sunni Muslims are the largest denomination of the Islamic religion.
Hunting is going out to kill animals.
, born as Tyge Ottesen Brahe, , was an astronomer from Denmark who built a big observatory called Uraniborg on a place called Hven in Denmark.
An ellipse is a shape that looks like an oval or a flattened circle.
Zahiruddin Babur or "Zahir-ud-din Mohammad Babur"  was an emperor from Fergana who defeated Hindu kings many times using new technology and started the Mughal Empire in India.
In Hinduism and Hindu mythology, Mantra means a group of words.
A fruit tree is a tree that produces edible fruits to hold their seeds.
Detmold is a town in the German state North Rhine-Westphalia.
Arnsberg is a town in the German state North Rhine-Westphalia.
Siegen is a city in the German state North Rhine-Westphalia.
Graz is the second biggest city in Austria and capital of Styria.
Linz is a city in Austria with about 185,000 inhabitants.
Innsbruck is a city in Austria with about 120,000 inhabitants.
Basel  is a city in the North of Switzerland.
Lausanne is a city in Switzerland.
Porto is the second biggest city of Portugal.
Fürth is a city in the German state Bavaria, next to Nuremberg .
Reutlingen is a city in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.
Salzgitter is a city in the German state of Lower Saxony, founded in 1942.
Witten is a city in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia, in the Ruhr Area and has about 100,000 inhabitants.
Moers is a city in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Castrop-Rauxel is a town in the Ruhr area in the German state North Rhine-Westphalia.
Ratingen is a town in the German state North Rhine-Westphalia.
Gland is a city in Switzerland, in the canton of Vaud.
"All Quiet on the Western Front"  is a famous book by the German author Erich Maria Remarque.
Can Tho  is a city in the south of Vietnam.
Vinh  is a city in central Vietnam.
Dalat  is a city in southern Vietnam.
Pleiku  is a city in Central Việt Nam.
Quảng Ngãi  is a city in Central Việt Nam.
Bordeaux is a city in the south west of France near the Atlantic Ocean.
Nantes is a city in France on the coast of the Atlantic Ocean.
Toulouse is a city in the south of France.
Nice is a city in southern France that can be found on the Mediterranean coast.
Strasbourg  is a city in the east of France.
Montpellier is a city in France.
Lille is a city in the north of France.
Rennes is the capital city of Brittany, France.
Reims is a city in the north of France.
Orléans is a city in the middle of France.
Le Havre is a city in the north west of France .
Straight Edge  is a lifestyle without drugs, tobacco, or alcohol.
Rouen is a city in the north of France.
A microprogram is a small program that is usually put onto a computer chip.
Computational complexity theory is a part of computer science.
An average is a number that is typical of a group of numbers.
Fluminense FC is a soccer club in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Romanization or "Latinization" is the process by which words and languages that normally use alphabets other than the Latin alphabet are converted into Latin letters so that people who do not know the original alphabet can still read the sounds of the language.
Diaspora  is used  to refer to any people or racial group forced or made to leave their traditional homelands, being scattered throughout other parts of the world, and their exiled community.
Limes  is the name of a fortification at the border of the Roman empire.
Angers is a city in the west of France.
Toulon is a city in the south of France.
Grenoble is a city in the south-east of France, in the Alps.
Nîmes is a city in France.
A Sequence is when several things are put together.
Aix-en-Provence is a city in the south of France.
Amiens is a city in France.
Le Mans is a commune.
Tours is a city in the centre of France.
Nancy is a city in the east of France in Lorraine.
Limoges is a city in France.
Clermont-Ferrand is a city in France.
Villeurbanne is a city in France.
Exile On Main St.
"OpenGL" is a graphics API and it helps a computer's 3D graphics perform better and faster on a video card rather than the CPU alone.
The Māori are the indigenous people of New Zealand.
The Māori language  is the language of the Māori and an official language of New Zealand.
Movie criticism is the evaluation of a movie.
McCarthyism is the term describing a period of intense anti-Communist suspicion in the United States that lasted roughly from the late 1940s to the mid to late 1950s.
Syphilis is a disease.
Gonorrhea is a disease.
Cichlids  are fishes from the "Cichlidae" family, in the order "Perciformes".
The Battle of Hastings took place on October 14, 1066.
The Asiatic peafowl is a kind of bird.
Reading  is a large town in Berkshire in the United Kingdom, home to about 145,000 people.
A dozen is a unit of measurement.
The European sprat is a kind of fish.
The Little Mermaid is a fairy tale written by Hans Christian Andersen.
Hans Christian Andersen or simply HC Andersen,  was a Danish author and poet most famous for his fairy tales.
Fenerbahce Sukru Saracoglu is a football stadium in Istanbul in Turkey.
__NOTOC__ Ivory Coast.
The Atlantic Herring is a kind of herring, a fish.
The Pelagie Islands are three islands in the Mediterranean.
Lampedusa is the largest of the Pelagie Islands.
Muscat  is the capital and largest city of The Sultanate of Oman.
The Ukrainian language , transliteration: ukrajins'ka mova) is an Eastern Slavic language.
A native speaker is someone who speaks a language as his or her first language or mother tongue.
"Gulity Gear" is a series of video games designed by artist Daisuke Ishiwatari and Arc System Works, and published by Sammy Studios.
Florence Nightingale, OM , was a famous English nurse.
"Apocalypse Now" is a 1979 drama movie directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
The Autonomous Province of Vojvodina  is one of the two autonomous provinces in Serbia.
Penn Station is a train station in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
James Danforth "Dan" Quayle  was the 44th Vice President of the United States, under George H.
Cincinnati, Ohio is a city in the southwestern corner of the state of Ohio near the states of Kentucky and Indiana.
A cable car is a type of car that runs on cables above the car, and the cables are driven by something called a "winding house" where there are two.
Tokusatsu is a Japanese word that means "special effects".
"Snakes on a Plane" ) is a 2006 movie starring Samuel L.
The War in Afghanistan refers to a war waged by the United States, Canada, Great Britain, Australia, and other countries against the Taliban and Al-Qaeda.
A castrato  was a type of singer that was very popular in the early days of opera.
A falsetto voice is a special way of speaking or singing.
A countertenor is a male singer who uses a falsetto voice to sing high notes like a female contralto or mezzo-soprano.
A breeches role is a part in an opera in which a woman plays the role of a man.
The word treble is used, especially in British English, to mean the singing voice of a boy or girl.
A claque  is a small group of people in an opera house who deliberately either clapped loudly  or shouted boo for a particular singer.
Leeches are annelids, a kind of worm  that lives in wet places.
A glycoprotein is a big molecule.
Cell culture is a way to grow cells in a laboratory.
Chemotherapy is the use of chemical substances to treat diseases.
Typhoid, also called typhoid fever, is an illness caued by the bacteria Salmonella Typhi.
Cranbourne is a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
Transylvania is a region in the country of Romania.
Southwest Airlines is an airline company based in Dallas, Texas.
, until 1974 "Cluj", is the third biggest city in Romania, and is the capital city of Cluj County, in the north-western part of Transylvania.
Sibiu  is a city in Transylvania, Romania.
Graphic design is a form of communication.
"Genocide" means trying to destroy a group which is or is similar to an ethnic group or a religious group by killing its members.
The Rwandan Genocide was the killing in the central African nation of Rwanda of abatutsi as well as abahutu.
Vaquita  is a rare type of porpoise.
A zygote is the fertilized cell that will grow into a baby animal.
Dave Jauss is the current bench coach for the Los Angeles Dodgers.
A cardiac arrest  is the abrupt stop of normal circulation of blood due to failure of the heart to contract effectively during systole.
From the 16th to the 18th century the name Huguenot was discribing a member of the Protestant Reformed Church of France.
La Rochelle is a city in western France near the Bay of Biscay.
Combustion is the process of burning a fuel, or of being on fire.
A caterpillar is a young butterfly or moth that has just hatched out of its egg.
Hummingbirds are small birds.
Bielsko-Biała is a city in south Poland with 180,000 inhabitants on 125km2.
Idi Amin Dada  was a repressive dictator of the African country of Uganda.
Phnom Penh  is the largest, most populous, and the capital city of Cambodia.
"Take Me Out to the Ball Game" is a song about baseball.
Xia dynasty  is the first dynasty of China.
South Park is an animated television comedy series about the lives of four boys in the fourth grade living in the small mountain town of South Park, Colorado.
The colon is a part of the large intestine.
The battle of Ðiện Biên Phủ happened in 1954.
The August Revolution happened in Vietnam in August of 1945.
The word dictator or despot in modern times is used to describe the absolute ruler  of a country, who uses force and fear to keep himself and his friends in authority, and can effectively make laws all by himself.
Nigeria is a country in west Africa.
Laxoox is a type of flatbread popular in Somalia and even more so in Somaliland.
Khmer is the official language of Cambodia.
The Democratic Republic of the Congo is the country that was known as Zaïre from 1971 to 1997.
Waterbury is a town in the state of Connecticut.
Blue Cheese is a type of cheese with a bacterium called "Penicillium" added to it which maked patches or veins of it look blue.
Elektra  is the name of several persons in Greek mythology.
Insulin is a hormone,made by the pancreas, in the body that controls the glucose level in the blood.
A Nerve impulse is a way of two nerve cells to communicate with one another.
Hares are mammals of the order Lagomorpha, in the same family as the rabbit.
The ESSEC is an important school teaching business to adults in France.
National symbols are patriotic symbols representing nations and countries.
The Diego Ramírez Islands are a group of islands.
Performing music from memory means knowing a piece of music well enough to be able to play or sing it without the written music.
A grave is where somebody or something is buried after they have died.
Polyrhythm happens when two different rhythms are played at the same time in music.
"Theme Hospital" is a simulation computer game developed by Bullfrog and EA Games.
Pontin's is a holiday company which was founded by Fred Pontin in 1946.
The twin prime conjecture is a mathematical theory.
Mud is a mixture of soil, dirt and water.
The Zutons are a rock band from Liverpool, England.
Dwarf planets is the name used to identify a group of objects in space.
The Nintendo Virtual Boy was a mostly-portable game console which had two screens that showed only red and black graphics.
Duke University is a private university in Durham, North Carolina, founded in 1838.
Existentialism is a philosophical way of thinking.
King of the Hill is a 30-minute animated cartoon that feature a husband, a wife, a son, and their live-in niece.
A hairdresser's job is to cut, in a certain style, female hair to change its look.
Esther "Eppie" Pauline Friedman Lederer, better known as Ann Landers , was an American writer.
The northern bluefin tuna is the largest of the tunas.
An Automaton  is a concept from mathematics.
A Vending machine is a automatic machine that sells food such as canned soups and packaged sandwiches, snacks such as potato chips, chocolate bars, and candy); hot drinks ; cold drinks ; or other items such as newspapers or cigarettes.
A Bar is originally a long unbent  piece made of metal.
Cape Horn  is a cape.
An Iceberg is a large piece of ice floating in the water.
Circumnavigation originally meant going around something, by ship.
A thought experiment is an experiment.
Breaking Benjamin is a hard rock band from Pennsylvania.
A headland is an area of land, which is surrounded by water on three sides.
The Drake passage is a body of water.
A glacier is a large body of ice and snow.
Sight-reading  is the ability to play music that one has never seen before.
A child prodigy is a child who is very smart at an early age.
Puerto Rican is a person from Puerto Rico or a someone who is desended from someone who was originally from Puerto Rico.
The toothbrush is a tool to clean teeth.
Homeostasis is when an organism allows its body to keep a stable condition.
A pulmonary embolism is a clot of material that blocks blood from getting to the lungs.
A toilet is where most people get rid of bodily waste  into water where it will then be flushed into a sewage system.
"Stegosaurus"  was a type of plant-eating dinosaur which lived in what is now western North America.
Psittacosis is a bacterial disease that can be gotten from birds such as parrots, pigeons, and parakeets.
Gregorian chant is an important sort of religious song called "plainchant." The Roman Catholic Church uses this music.
An executable is a computer program written by a programmer and compiled by a compiler .
Windows NT is a series of Microsoft's Windows operating systems that were the first to use their new 'NT'  kernel.
A file extension is a way of knowing what type of file it is, and what program it should be opened with.
Lagomorpha is a mammal order.
Lupus erythematosus, also called Lupus, is a disease.
Hiragana are part of the Japanese writing system.
Kuomintang  is a political party in Taiwan.
Chiang Kai-shek was a political leader born in Xikou on October 31, 1887.
We can use physics and mathematics to understand how strongly gravity affects something if we know enough about that thing, mainly how much mass it has.
Katakana is the way that some of the words are written in Japanese.
Sanja Stijačić is Serbian flutist and professor at the Faculty of Arts , University of Priština in Kosovska Mitrovica, Serbia and at the University of East Sarajevo, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
A comb is a tool.
Perfume is a liquid made with fragrant essential oils and chemicals, that give people and products a good smell.
Journey is an American rock music band.
Bruno Brun  was Yugoslavian clarinet player and professor at the Music Academy in Belgrade.
Rheinstetten is a city in the south-west of Germany, in the state of Baden-Württemberg.
Faculty of Arts of Priština  is the faculty of arts of the University of Priština in Kosovo, Serbia.
Jasmina Novokmet is a Serbian conductor, professor of conducting and former associate dean at the Faculty of Arts of Priština.
The Magna Carta was a document King John of England was forced to sign by English nobles so that kings would not have as much power as before.
A catapult is a type of machine used as a weapon to shoot rocks or other things that would cause damage to something else.
A minuet is a dance which was popular in the 18th and 19th centuries in France.
A Scherzo is a piece of music which is quite fast.
The griffin or gryphon  is a legendary creature, an animal belonging to the world of mythology, story telling and fantasy.
Chordata is a phylum  of animals that includes vertebrates, with a notochord, with some closely related invertebrates.
Sanlúcar la Mayor is a Spanish town in the province of Sevilla.
Pyrolysis is the chemical breakdown of compounds, which contain carbon, by heat.
Uri is one of the twenty-six cantons of Switzerland.
Michael Andreas Helmuth Ende  - German writer.
An applet is a type of program for computers.
Veneto is a region in North-east Italy on the Adriatic Sea.
Molise is a region in the center of Italy on the Adriatic Sea.
The Philippine Sea is the body of water east of the Philippines and Taiwan.
Visayas is the island grouping in central Philippines.
Tuscany  is a region in the center of Italy.
The Austronesian languages are a language family.
The Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints  is a religious group.
Scientific classification or biological classification is how biologists group and categorise extinct and living species of organisms.
Kingdom is the highest rank used in the biological taxonomy of all organisms.
A class is a rank used in the biological taxonomy of all organisms.
An order is a rank used in the biological taxonomy of all organisms.
A family is a rank used in the biological taxonomy of all organisms.
Digestion is the way that an organism changes a substance into nutrients.
Sight is one of the senses.
The pharynx is a part of the gastrointestinal system.
The jejunum is a section of the small intestine between the duodenum and the ileum.
The ileum is the last section of the small intestine.
The cecum is a part of the large intestine.
Romano Prodi  is an Italian politician and leader of a left-wing coalition named "L'unione" .
2013 is a year in the 21st century.
Basilicata is a region in the south of Italy.
Campania is a region of the south of Italy.
Emilia-Romagna is a region in the North-east Italy on the Adriatic Sea.
Vasil Levsky is a Bulgarian hero.
CP/M was an Operating System for computers used in the 1970s and early 1980.
Sana'a or Sanˤā' , has a population 1,747,627 , is the capital city of Yemen and the center of Sana'a Governorate.
Astrid Anna Emilia Lindgren, born Astrid Ericsson,  was a famous Swedish writer.
Cantabria is a region in the north of Spain which has 563,000 people living in it.
The Civil Aviation Authority , is the publicly-owned organisation in charge of flying  in the United Kingdom.
Apulia is a region in south Italy on the Adriatic Sea.
Belluno  is an Italian city.
Vicenza is an Italian city.
Rovigo is an Italian city.
L'Aquila is an Italian city.
Chieti  is an Italian city.
Pescara is an Italian city in Abruzzo of 123,400 inhabitants.
Cryptozoology is the study of animals that people think might exist, but for which it cannot be completely proved.
The Ankylosaurus  was a type of dinosaur.
Matera  is an Italian city in Basilicata of 59.399 inhabitants.
Potenza  is an Italian city in Basilicata of 70,000 inhabitants.
The Kara Sea  is part of the Arctic Ocean.
Prototheria is a subclass of mammals.
Edvard Munch [IPA: ɛdvɒ:rt munk]  was a Norwegian painter.
Sex education is telling people about sexual intercourse.
The bedroom is a room in a home where people sleep.
Marche is a region in center Italy on the Adriatic Sea.
Umbria is a region in center Italy.
Valle d'Aosta is a region in North-west Italy.
Mont Blanc  is a mountain in the Alps.
Shiite Crescent is used as political and geo-political term to descripe the different countries who's majority is shia or who had a strong shia minority in the population.
Tibet  is an autonomous region of China in the Himalayan mountains in South Asia.
An air gun is a gun which uses gas to fire a projectile instead of burning gunpowder that an ordinary gun uses.
A carcass is another word for a dead body.
In mathematics, a unit circle is a circle with a radius of 1.
El Al  is the airline name for passenger airplanes in Israel.
Middle East Airlines  is an airline based in Lebanon.
Blackmail means threatening to say something bad about someone unless that person pays some money.
Bribery means offering something (e.g.
Rubella  is a disease caused by the "Rubella virus".
Psychiatry is a part of medicine that studies, diagnoses and treats mental illnesses and abnormal behaviours and conditions that cause problems and make life difficult for people.
Stephen Colbert is an American actor and comedian.
Hobsonville is a suburb of Auckland, New Zealand.
Papatoetoe is a suburb of Auckland, New Zealand.
Bognor Regis Town F.C.
Humour  is anything that can make people laugh or feel happy.
Anthony Kiedis  is an American singer.
Treviso is a city in Veneto, Italy with a population of 81,763 people.
Sir Charles Antony Richard Hoare (Tony Hoare or C.A.R.
John Frusciante is an American musician.
Flea  is an American bassist.
Andrey Nikolaevich Kolmogorov   was a Soviet mathematician and computer scientist.
Chadwick Gaylord Smith  is a drummer in the rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers.
Hillel Slovak  was an Israeli musician.
Jack Irons  was the drummer for the rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers.
Dave Navarro  is an American guitarist.
Charles Babbage  was an English mathematician, analytical philosopher, mechanical engineer and computer scientist who originated the idea of a computer that could be programmed.
The ticket is a piece of printed paper and this gives the right or chance to enter somewhere.
Bergamo is a city in northern Italy.
Brescia is a city in northern Italy.
Como is a city in northern Italy.
Cremona is a city in northern Italy.
Lecco is a city in northern Italy.
Lodi is a city in northern Italy.
Mantova  is a city in northern Italy.
Pavia is a city in northern Italy.
Sondrio is a city in northern Italy.
Varese is a city in northern Italy.
Perugia is an Italian capital city in Umbria with 157,489 inhabitants.
Terni is an Italian city in Umbria of 110.000 inhabitants.
A biological weapon is a weapon  that uses germs to hurt people.
Harper Lee is a woman author.
Truman Capote was an author.
Ubuntu is a free operating system that uses the Linux kernel.
The Second Coming was a television drama shown by ITV, starring Christopher Eccleston.
The Eids are celebrated by Muslims all around the world.
Alessandria  is an Italian city in Piemonte of 414.384 inhabitants.
Asti  is an Italian city in Piemonte of 74.392 people living in it.
Biella  is an Italian city in Piemonte of 45,822 inhabitants.
Cuneo  is an Italian city in Piemonte of 54.992 inhabitants.
Novara  is an Italian city in Piemonte of 102,630 inhabitants.
Verbano-Cusio-Ossola  is an Italian city in Piemonte of 158,999 inhabitants.
Vercelli  is an Italian city in Piemonte of about 46,000 people live there.
Katherine Moss , better known as Kate Moss, is a model.
Alesha Anjanette Dixon was born on 7 October 1978, in Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire, England to an English mother and African father.
Lake Tahoe is a fresh water lake in the Sierra Nevada.
Dull is a village located in the county of Perth & Kinross in Scotland.
"The Strange Case of Dr.
Hafez al-Assad   was president of Syria for three decades.
Eroticism is the quality of sexual excitement.
A Tarantella is a very fast dance in 6/8 time.
The flag of Germany  was adopted in its present form in 1919.
Ancona  is a city in the province of Ancona in Marche, Italy.
Fermo  is an Italian city in Marche.
Macerata  is an Italian city in Marche.
A ban is an action used to stop people from doing something, either bad or dangerous.
Neurology is the study of the nervous system in medicine.
Stephen Robert "Steve" Irwin  was an Australian wildlife lover and a television and movie star.
Karlstad is a city in Värmland, Sweden.
Search and Seizure is a thing some government authorities can do.
A ruler can also be an instrument of measurement.
In biology, a mutation is a change in the genetic material .
Södermanland is a province of Sweden.
Dalarna is a province in Sweden.
Hälsingland is a province of Sweden.
Stingrays are a form of sea creature.
Sergei Vasilievich Rachmaninoff was a famous Russian composer and pianist.
Turbot are a large type of flatfish.
William Gallas  is a French football player .
Ruud Van Nistelrooy  is a Dutch professional footballer who plays for the Dutch national football team.
Rosa Louise McCauley Parks  was an African-American seamstress and civil rights activist.
Euler's Identity, sometimes called Euler's Equation, is a simple equation that links several important numbers in mathematics in an unexpected way.
Hideki Tojo was a leader of Japan during World War 2.
SUSE is a main version of a Linux distribution, produced in Germany and owned by Novell, Inc.
"Laissez Faire" is a philosophy in politics.
Walter Moers  is one of the best-known and most commercially successful German comic book creators and authors.
Dorothy M.
A worker is a person who works.
Actinium is chemical element 89 on the periodic table.
Alyson Renae "Aly" Michalka  is an American actress and musician.
"Phil of the Future" is an American comedy children's television series.
Brenda Song  is an American actress and singer.
William E.
A racket  is a tool that is used in the sport of tennis.
Guide dogs are dogs trained to help blind people live on their own.
Keelung City  is a provincial city of Taiwan Province, Republic of China.
A chocolate cake is a cake made with chocolate or cocoa.
"Ten Who Dared" is a movie made by Disney in 1960.
The imaginary unit, or formula_1, is used in mathematics to pull together the real number system and the complex number system.
Phycology , a part of botany, is the study of algae.
Snorkeling is swimming while using a tube to breathe under water.
Kelly Tarlton's Antarctic Encounter and Underwater World is an aquarium in Auckland, New Zealand.
This is a list of cat breeds.
Grave was the word that was used to describe mass before the word "kilogram" was introduced.
The Smiths were a band from Manchester, England.
"Countdown" is a long running British game show on Channel 4 currently presented by Des O'Connor and Carol Vorderman, but they are leaving in December 2008.
Allotheria is a sub class of mammals that is a relative of prototheria and theria.
Taichung City  is a city located in west-central Taiwan with a population of over 1,000,000 people, making it the third largest city on the island, after Taipei City and Kaoshiung City.
Majuro is the capital city of the country of the Marshall Islands.
South Tarawa (in Gilbertese and English: Teinainano Urban Council or abr.
Bairiki is a village and an island now part of South Tarawa, and one time is the center of government of Kiribati.
A recording engineer  is a person who operates, and usually chooses and sets up recording equipment.
Harvey Phillip Spector  is an American musician , songwriter and record producer.
A fugue is a piece of music written for a certain number of parts .
Jermain Defoe is an English football player.
Ascoli Piceno (It.
Ascoli Piceno is a town in the Marche region, Italy It is the capital of the Province of Ascoli Piceno.
A recording artist is a singer or musician who is known for making musical recordings.
Franz Beckenbauer , called "The Kaiser", is a former German football player.
The Groundhog is a rodent.
Squirrels are a family rodents that includes marmots and chipmunks.
Gestation is the carrying of an embryo or fetus inside a female viviparous animal, until its birth.
A shrew is a small mammal that resembles a mouse, at first sight.
Marmots are small mammals, that form the genus "Marmota".
The 'Human Be-In' was an event during the afternoon and evening of January 14, 1967.
Suva is the capital city of Fiji.
Honiara, population 49,107 , is the capital city of the Solomon Islands and of Guadalcanal Province.
Port Vila  is the capital city of Vanuatu.
Tainan City  is a city in Taiwan and is the fourth largest city after Taipei, Kaohsiung and Taichung.
Chiayi City  is a provincial city of southwestern Taiwan Province of the Republic of China.
An example (Latin "exemplum", the shorthand "e.g".
Hsinchu City  is a provincial city of Taiwan Province of the Republic of China.
Kangaroo rats are small rodents.
Hibernation is a time of inactivity.
The Pack rat, which is also called Wood rat or Trade rat, is a rodent of one of several species in the genus Neotoma.
Mohamed ElBaradei   is the Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency .
Bandicoots are marsupials.
The Lesser Bandicoot rat is a rodent.
Roquefort cheese is a kind of blue cheese which comes from the south of France.
Serial ATA  is a way of connecting a hard drive to a computer.
Legnica is a city of medium size.
Cruzeiro Esporte Clube, usually called Cruzeiro EC or Cruzeiro, is a Brazilian football team from the city Belo Horizonte, Brazil.
The flag of Estonia has three colours and is made of three equal horizontal bands coloured blue , black, and white .
The coat of arms of Estonia is a golden shield which includes three slim, blue "leopard"s  in the middle, with oak branches along the side of the shield.
Ichthyology is a science which studies fish.
Indre is a city in France at the Atlantic Ocean.
Apatosaurus  was a sauropod dinosaur that lived in the Jurassic Period.
The Hanseatic League  was an alliance of trading guilds.
Steven McClaren  is an English football coach.
Condom  is a commune in the south of France.
"Now You See It"...
A trojan horse  is a special computer program.
Cognac is an alcoholic drink.
Den Helder is a municipality and a city in the Netherlands.
Art of Life was the fourth album by the Japanese band X Japan.
Barbecue  is a special type of grill.
Cow Belles is an American produced Disney Channel Original Movie that was shown on March 26, 2006.
Taichung County  is a county in central Taiwan, encompassing Taichung City.
In historical terms, a legacy is something that is handed down from one period of time to another period of time.
Marie McDonald McLaughlin Lawrie , best known by her stage name Lulu'", is a famous Scottish pop singer.
Catanzaro  is an Italian city in Calabria of 95.099 inhabitants.
Vibo Valentia  is an Italian city in Calabria of 33.957 inhabitants.
Reggio Calabria  is an Italian city in Calabria of 190,127 inhabitants.
Crotone  is an Italian city in Calabria of 60.517 inhabitants.
Cosenza  is an Italian city in Calabria of 72.998 inhabitants.
Common Era is the calendar system commonly adapted in the Western world, by those who wish to allow appeasement and cowaring to those who temporarily claim a non-belief in Christ, to number the year part of a date.
The music that musicians have in front of them when they play is printed music.
The word score can have several meanings.
A radian is a unit of measuring angles.
Taoyuan County  is a county of Taiwan, Republic of China, located in the northwestern part of the island, next to Taipei County.
Tainan County  is a county in Southern Taiwan.
Hsinchu County  is a county in northwestern Taiwan.
Sindian City Chinese:新店市; POJ: Sin-tiàm-chhī, historically spelled "Hsintien"  and spelled "Xindian"  on signs in Taipei City, is a city in the southern part of Taipei County, Taiwan Province of the Republic of China.
Apia, population 380,800 , is the capital of Samoa.
Funafuti is the capital of the small island nation of Tuvalu.
Cantonese  or Yue is an Asian dialect spoken by the people of Guangdong, China, Hong Kong, Macau, Malaysia and some parts of Singapore, as well as places with a significant amount of overseas Chinese originating from Cantonese-speaking parts of China, such as Melbourne.
A skirt is a piece of clothing that hangs downwards from the waist.
Kaohsiung County  is a county in southern Taiwan administered as part of Taiwan Province of the Republic of China.
Red blood cells  are cells that make up blood.
Chişinău , formerly known as Kishinev, is the capital city and industrial and commercial center of the Moldova.
Jöns Jakob Berzelius  was a Swedish chemist.
Antibodies ) are special proteins.
Noel Ernest Edmonds  is an English television presenter.
Quizmania was a quiz television show on ITV Play.
Davina Lucy Pascale McCall  is an English television presenter.
The even-toed ungulates are mammals of the order Artiodactyla.
Odd-toed ungulates are mammals of the order Perissodactyla.
Condors are a species of bird.
Carrion is the carcass of a dead animal.
Chongqing  is a city and a district in Central China.
Bologna is a city in Northern Italy with about 375,000 inhabitants.
Oviedo is a city in the North of Spain.
Pieve Ligure is an Italian town in the region of Liguria in the province of Genoa in Italy.
Gamal Abdel Nasser was the leader of the Egyptian revolution in 1952 The revolution turned Egypt into a republic instead of a kingdom, and it was the reason why the British army got out of Egypt.
Storks are a family of birds .
A wharf is a permanent structure at a lake, a river, or the sea.
Public houses  are businesses that serve alcoholic drinks such as beer and ale, to be consumed on-place.
Squaring the cicle is a problem of geometry.
The Tampa Bay Lightning is an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League .
Roger Keith "Syd" Barrett  was a famous English musician.
The Tapirs are a familiy of odd-toed ungulate mammals.
Bovids are a group of even-toed ungulate mammals that hooves that split into two toes.
The Cromwell current is the name of a submarine river.
Subduction is when two tectonic plates meet.
An icebreaker is a special type of ship.
A tattoo is a mark made by putting ink into the skin.
An artificial or constructed language  is a language that has been designed by a person or small group, rather than produced naturally as part of a culture.
Joel Engel is an American scientist.
An Engineered language is a constructed language used to help experiment in logic, philosophy, and linguistics.
The Pronghorn  is an even-toed ungulate mammal, the only living member of the family "Antilocapridae".
Computers can display information and let the user give commands to it using two methods: a Command Line Interface  or a Graphical User Interface .
The Water Deer  is an even-toed ungulate mammal of the deer family.
It can mean: the study of how to write music for an orchestra.
Blockbusters was a game show that aired from 1980 to 1987.
Theria is a subclass of mammals that is divided into two smaller classes: metatheria and eutheria.
Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva was the 39th President of Brazil.
Paraná is a state in Southern Brazil, bordering Paraguay and Argentina.
The Dual Alliance was an alliance made between Germany and Austria-Hungary.
Radio Caracas Television  is one of the largest and most important television stations in Venezuela.
Acquired immunodeficiency syndrome or acquired immune deficiency syndrome  is a syndrome caused by a virus called HIV.
"Return to Castle Wolfenstein" is a first person shooter computer game made by id Software and published by Activision for computers as well as PlayStation 2 and Xbox game consoles.
Ssirûm, or Korean wrestling, has a very ancient origin.
Queensland is a state in eastern Australia.
Babes in Toyland is an 1961 Disney musical movie.
Airships are vehicles used to travel in the air.
New Amsterdam is the name the Dutch gave to the island of Manhattan after buying it from local Natives.
Universal suffrage means that every citizen is allowed to vote.
Bruce Dickinson  is a English heavy metal singer.
Streaming Soundtracks is a radio station that is found on the internet.
Étude is the French word for study.
A nocturne is a piece of music, usually for piano, which suggests the night .
Delta Air Lines, Inc.
Vytorin is a clinical drug made up of chemicals called ezetimibe  and simvastatin  to help people with diseases that change the amount of fats in the blood.
"Blade Runner" is an important 1982 dark science fiction movie directed by Ridley Scott and written by Hampton Fancher and David Peoples.
He also directed an important and expensive television commercial for Apple Computer called "1984".
Motörhead is a English heavy metal band.
A celebrity is a person who is well known and gets lots of public attention, or attention from other people.
Epinephrine, also known as adrenaline, is a hormone in the body.
The February Revolution  of the year 1917 was a revolution that ended Tsarist rule, replacing it with a Provisional Government.
The flag of Russia is the Trikolore of the panslvian colors.
The Russian Revolution of 1917 includes .
The Neckar  is a 367 km long river in the South-West of Germany, in the state of Baden-Württemberg.
Anaphylaxis is a severe and fast multi-system allergic reaction.
Radolfzell at the Bodensee is northwest a city on the west bank of Bodensee of about 18 km from Konstanz.
Nenzingen is a city in the district Konstanz in Baden-Württemberg.
Hypertension, also called High blood pressure is a disease where your blood pressure is always above average.
Live Aid was a charity rock concert that took place in more than one stadium.
Model, models, or modeling can mean: An abstract  or smaller approximation of an object or system for testing.
Script could mean different types of writing that is carefully put together.
Quantity demanded is the total amount of goods which individuals want and are able to buy.
The first official flag of the Soviet Union was accepted in December 1922 on the first congress of the Soviets' USSR.
The coat of arms of the Soviet Union is the symbol of the Soviet Union.
Kornwestheim is a city in Baden-Württemberg.
Rubens Gonçalves Barrichello  is a Brazilian automobile sportsman and Formula 1 driver.
Kimi Matias Räikkönen [ˈkimiˈræik: œnɛn]  is a Finnish automobile running driver.
Giancarlo Fisichella  is an Italian driver and drives at present in Formula One with the Renault F1-Team.
Karate is an Okinawan and Japanese martial art which uses all parts of the human body as a weapon such as the hand, fist, elbow, leg and knee.Gichin Funakoshi, a school teacher from the Japanese island of Okinawa, introduced Karate to mainland Japan in the early 1900s.Unlike boxing, wrestling and kick boxing, traditional karate places just as much importance on developing a persons mental strength and good manners as it does in developing their physical skill.
Kickboxing is a descriptive term for martial arts that, while similar to boxing, use the feet just like the hands to hit.
Robert Kubica  is a Polish racing driver.
Bietigheim Bissingen is a city in the northern centre of Baden-Württemberg in Germany, about north of Stuttgart and south of Heilbronn.
Grady Sizemore III  is an American baseball player.
Joachim Sauer  is a German professor of physical and theoretical chemistry.
Everett, Washington, an All-America City, is a rich landscape of choices.
Tempe, Arizona is an American city in the southwestern part of the state of Arizona.
Hoyerswerda  is a city in the north of the Saxonian Oberlausitz, lying north east of Cottbus and from Dresden, .
The Hamburger Sport-Verein  is German Sportsclub from Hamburg and became known particularly by its football crews.
Borussia Dortmund  is one of the most prominent Sportsclub of Dortmund, Germany.
The Palace of Soviets  was a building project planned by the government of the Soviet Union.
The Battle of the Somme happened in the First World War.
Ravicherla is a village in Nuzvid Mandal, Krishna District, Andhra Pradesh, India.
San Marino, California is a small, wealthy residential community in California near Los Angeles, California.
A ballade is a medieval French verse or song which tells a story.
"This article is about the instrumental ballade that was popular in the 19th century.
The signal Iduna park  in Dortmund is with 80.708 spectator places the largest football stadium in Germany and of the UEFA as five-star stadium was distinguished.
The Allianz Arena is a football stadium in the north of Munich, Germany, with plays of the champions League carries the stadium for the names Munich arena.
The HSH Nordbank Arena is a concert and sports arena in Hamburg, Germany, which is owned and used by the Hamburger SV football team.
The Veltins arena  in Gelsenkirchen, Germany, is the stadium of the German member of the soccer federal league FC Schalke 04.
The FC Gelsenkirchen Schalke 04  is a successful and popular German football club.
Michael Ballack  is a German footballer and is the current captain of the German national football team.
The coat of arms of Germany  is a symbol of Germany; the coat of arms feature an eagle.
Plauen is the biggest city of the Vogtland area in the southwest of Saxony.
Braunau am Inn is a city in the Innviertel region of Upper Austria , the north-western state of Austria.
Berlin Hauptbahnhof is the central railway station of the German capital Berlin.
The Verein für Leibesübungen Bochum 1848  is a football and Sports club in Bochum, Germany.
Werder Bremen is a German football club playing in the city of Bremen.
The Mazurka is a Polish country dance.
Bundesliga is the name of the highest level of play in many different sports.
The Weserstadion is a stadium in Bremen, Germany.
A belt is a piece of clothing worn around a person's waist.
The Zugspitze in Bavaria, Germany is the highest mountain in Germany.
British Airways  is the UK's largest airline.
The Group of Eight  is a group made up of Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Russia the United Kingdom and the United States.
Helmut Josef Michael Kohl  is a German CDU politician.
In biology, an organ is a group of tissues that work together.
The Students for a Democratic Society  was a student activist movement in the United States in the 1960s .
A postulate  is a statement that is agreed by everyone to be obvious and correct.
Influence is a force  of change that comes from the outside of the person or thing that is influenced by it.
Existence usually means "the state or fact of being", but there are many different views on the meaning of the word existence, and what it means to exist.
Lidl Stiftung & Co.
The Asian Games are a multi-sport event, held every four years between competitors from all nations of the Asia.
Newton Mearns is a small town near Glasgow in Scotland.
The NBA Finals is the championship series of the National Basketball Association, played under a best-of-seven playoff format.
The Open Championship - often known as the British Open outside the United Kingdom and Ireland - is the oldest of the four major championships in men's golf.
A Waltz  is a ballroom dance in 3/4 time.
Musk deer are a group of even-toed ungulate mammals.
The FIBA World Championship  is a world basketball tournament for national teams held once every four years by the International Basketball Federation .
Ludwigsburg is a about 12 km northern city in the center of Baden-Württemberg, of the Stuttgart city center.
Cooking oil is clean fat from plants or animals.
The Incredible Hulk is a popular superhero in Marvel Comics.
Pelicans are a kind of waterbird.
Sharpie is a line of permanent marker pens in the United States which are made by Sanford.
Francis Ford Coppola  is a director and producer of movies.
Abdul Aziz Al Ghurair  from the United Arab Emirates is the chief executive of the publicly traded MashreqBank.
Billericay is a town in the United Kingdom.
The East of England is a region in England.
The region in England is also named the Government Office Region.
A prelude is a short piece of music for an instrument.
The polonaise is a Polish dance.
An elector is someone who can vote in an election.
Sir Malcolm Arnold  was an English composer.
Bowser is the evil Koopa that takes over the Mushroom Kingdom.
Lars Ulrich  is the drummer for heavy metal band Metallica.
Kim Possible is a Disney Channel original Emmy Award winner and American cartoon series about a teenage girl, of the same name as the cartoon, who has the task of dealing with worldwide, family, and school problems every day.
Windows Live Messenger is an instant messenger that is the most-used in the world.
The Great Dane is a large breed of dog, around 2.5 ft or taller at the shoulder.
Linkin Park is an American rock band from Aguora Hills, California.
Bissau is the capital city of Guinea-Bissau.
Centuries: 11th century - 12th century - 13th century Decades: 1080s 1090s 1100s 1110s 1120s - 1130s - 1140s 1150s 1160s 1170s 1180s Years: 1130 1131 1132 1133 1134 1135 1136 1137 1138 1139 .
Centuries: 11th century - 12th century - 13th century Decades: 1070s 1080s 1090s 1100s 1110s - 1120s - 1130s 1140s 1150s 1160s 1170s Years: 1120 1121 1122 1123 1124 1125 1126 1127 1128 1129 .
1699 is a year in the 17th century.
Bamberg is a town in the region of Upper Franconia, Bavaria and seat of the district administration Bamberg.
Diving is a form of movement downwards, either from air to ground or to water.
K.I.S.S.
Celle is a town in Lower Saxony, Germany.
Aurich is a city in Lower Saxony, Germany.
Cloppenburg is a town in Lower Saxony, Germany, capital of Cloppenburg District.
Pulsars are neutron stars that turn quickly and produce electromagnetic radiation that can be received in the form of radio waves.
"Julius Caesar" is a play written by William Shakespeare.
Twisted Sister were an American glam rock band.
1630 is a year in the 17th century.
Paul Biya is the President of Cameroon.
The International Olympic Committee is an organization based in Lausanne, Switzerland, created by Pierre de Coubertin and Demetrios Vikelas on June 23 1894 to reinstate the Ancient Olympic Games held in Greece between 776 BC to 396 AD.
The Confederation of African Football often referred to as just CAF, is the organization that controls African football.
The Oceania Football Confederation often referred to as just OFC, is the organization that controls Oceania football  .
The district Ludwigsburg  is a district in Baden-Württemberg.
The 1260s is a decade.
Dessau is a town in Saxony-Anhalt in Germany.
Weißenfels was the capital city of the old Weißenfels Rural District in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany, until the district changes of 2007.
The United States Constitution is the highest law of the United States of America.
The space-time continuum is a mathematical model that combines space and time into a single construct.
The Scottish Socialist Party is a political party which was formed in 1998.
Esztergom is a city in Hungary, 45 kilometers north of Budapest.
Public transport is a way for the public  to travel around.
Sir Edmund Barton  was the first Prime Minister of Australia.
Crofton is a town on Vancouver Island, in British Columbia, Canada.
Zabno  is a town in Poland.
Western Australia is one of the six states of Australia.
South Australia is one of the six states of Australia.
Richard Roeper is a American television personality.
Alfred William Deakin  was the second Prime Minister of Australia.
John Christian Watson (c.
Archie Comics is a comic book company in the United States.
Zak Starkey  is the son of Beatles drummer Ringo Starr.
Heroin  is a natural opioid.
Pittsburgh is a city in the American state of Pennsylvania.
The nasal bones are two small oblong bones located in the human skull.
Kapellmeister, , is a German word which means a musician who is in charge of music-making.
The Kingdom of England was a country in Western Europe.
Romansh  is one of Switzerland's four national languages.
A protractor is a tool used to measure angles in degrees.
Rabbi  in Judaism signifies "professor, master" or literally "grand".
A Gentile is a person who is not Jewish.
Super Mario Galaxy is a video game by Nintendo.
"The Legend of Zelda" is a popular series  of video games.
The 3rd century is the century from 201 to 300.
The 2nd century is the century from 101 to 200.
Wal-Mart  is a company created by Sam Walton in 1962.
Samuel Moore Walton is an United States businessman.
The New York Stock Exchange , also called the "Big Board," is a stock exchange in New York City.
A stock exchange, share market or bourse is a place where people meet to buy and sell shares of company stock.
The Bombay Stock Exchange is a stock exchange in Dalal Street, Mumbai, India.
Sir Thomas Stamford Bingley Raffles  was the founder of the city of Singapore, and is one of the most famous Britons who expanded the British Empire.
Euronext is a stock exchange in Europe, located in places such as Belgium, France, Netherlands, Portugal and the United Kingdom.
Hippopotamuses are a group of even-toed ungulate mammals.
Hiroshi Yamauchi  was the third president of Nintendo from 1949 until he quit on May 31, 2002.
Exxon Mobil or ExxonMobil  is the world's biggest oil and gas company.
Paul Gardner Allen  is an American who created Microsoft with Bill Gates.
A hero  in Greek mythology was a half-god or otherwise powerful human.
Sonic Rivals is a video game for the PlayStation Portable that came out on November 24, 2006.
The, called the Sega Genesis in North America is a 16-bit video game console made by Sega.
Sega Dreamcast  is the fourth and last machine made by Sega that can play video games.
The Platte River  is a river in the United States that flows into the Missouri River.
Counting is something people do to find out how many things there are of any kind.
The launch pad is where rockets and spacecraft are placed until they is ready to blast off.
The Space Shuttle is a spacecraft used by the United States' NASA organization.
Thor is the red-haired and bearded god of thunder in Norse mythology.
Windsurfing is a water sport.
Thoroughbred is a type of horse.
A sound card  is the part of the Computer hardware that controls the input and output of the sound signals.
Charlie Chaplin  was a famous English actor and movie maker.
The American Stock Exchange  is a stock exchange in New York City.
Field Hockey is a well-liked sport for both men and women.
 is a puzzle that is very popular in Japan.
Queen Beatrix is the Queen of the Netherlands.
Qatar Airways  is in airline company.
Sir George Houston Reid  was the fourth Prime Minister of Australia.
VfB Stuttgart is the name of a football club in Germany.
Spider Riders is a Japanese anime television series.
Boudica known by the Romans as Boudicea  was the queen of Iceni people in the Eastern part of England.
A choir is a group of people who sing together.
The motherboard or mainboard is the main circuit board in a complex electronic system, like a computer.
Space Raiders are a brand of crisps .
High-definition television  is a new television broadcasting system which uses a higher resolution than a normal television.
Napoleon Dynamite is a comedy movie made in 2004 by John Hess and starring Jon Heder.
Charlize Theron is a South African actress.
Running is a sport known to be good for health; it not only helps the breathing and heartbeat but it is also good exercise because it burns any spare calories.
Monster is a dramatic thriller movie.
Certain types of dogs are used to keep their owners or their owners safe from danger.
Andrew Fisher  was the fifth Prime Minister of Australia.
David Schwimmer  is an American actor who played Ross Geller, one of the six main characters in the television sitcom "Friends".
Plutonium is a chemical element.
Superman Returns is a video game based on the movie Superman Returns.
Malay is a group of humans that usually live in Malaysia, Singapore, Brunei Darussalam.
Al Jazeera , meaning "The Island" is an Arabic-language television channel based in Doha, Qatar.
Boron is a chemical element.
A fireplace is a brick or metal structure used to hold a fire.
Dubnium is a chemical element.
Upland, California is a city in San Bernardino County, California.
Neuchâtel is a city in Switzerland.
"The Silence of the Lambs" is a movie directed by Jonathan Demme and starring Jodie Foster and Anthony Hopkins.
Gifhorn is a Landkreis  in Germany in the state of Lower Saxony.
George Cleveland was an Canadian actor.
The Legion of Net.
"The Tragedy of Othello, the Moor of Venice" is a sad play, known as a tragedy, written by William Shakespeare around 1603.
The Commonwealth Games is a multinational, multi-sport event.
Doncaster is a very large town in the North of England.
Aly & AJ are an American music group.
Middlesbrough is a large town in Yorkshire in north east England.
The lyrics of the Himno Nacional Argentino  were written by Vicente López y Planes, and the music was composed by Blas Parera.
Emily Dickinson, often misspelled Emily Dickenson (b.
The Indy 500 is an auto race held in Indianapolis, Indiana.
A mahout is a person who drives an elephant.
John Wesley  was one of the founders of the Methodist church.
Sir Joseph Cook  was the sixth Prime Minister of Australia from June 1913 until September 1914.
An Anti-hero is a person who is not a hero, but not a villain.
Hestia is the Greek goddess of the hearth.
Alison Balsom  is an English trumpeter.
Continuity is a word used when talking about art, especially "serial art".
Håkan Hardenberger  is a Swedish trumpeter.
Skinks are a group of lizard.
Geronimo is a character in the "Geronimo Stilton" series.
Dionysus and Dionysos or Dionysius is the Greek god of wine.
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  is a chronic, progressive, almost always fatal neurological disease.
The Fields Medal is a prize given to two, three, or four people who study math who are not over 40 years of age at each International Congress of the International Mathematical Union, a meeting that takes place every four years.
A laugh is a way of showing happiness.
UHF is a movie starring Weird Al Yankovic.
Hi-5 is an Australian television show for children that started in 1999.
A beaver is a kind of rodent.
The bladder is an organ in the human body.
Time travel is a fictional  activity of going back in time to the past of the future.
A disciple is a student or a follower of some teacher, for example, it is often used to mean a disciple of Jesus Christ, whom Christians believe to be the son of God.
A dock is a place above water on the shore where boats can be tied.
They Might Be Giants are an alternative rock band that live in Brooklyn, New York.
Solomon was a King of Israel, the son of King David of Israel.
A proverb is a wise saying.
"Santiago, Chile"  is the capital of Chile and the largest city in the country.
Psalms is a book of 150 Hebrew poems in the Old Testament.
A television programme  is something that people watch on television.
A fatwa , is a legal pronouncement in Islam.
Reginald Fils-Aime  is the president of Nintendo of America.
William Morris "Billy" Hughes  was the seventh Prime Minister of Australia.
Maid Marian was the female companion of the outlaw Robin Hood.
Graphite, like diamond, is an allotrope of carbon.
An allotrope is another form of an element, the element is very similar but the structure of the atom affects the chemical and physical properties.
Covalent bonds are the chemical bonds between two non-metals, for example water .
An ionic bond is the bonding between a non-metal and a metal that occurs when charged atoms  attract after one loses one or more of its electrons, for example sodium and chloride.
Chloride is a chemical element.
Bauhaus is the common term for the Staatliches Bauhaus, an art and architecture school in Germany that operated from 1919 to 1933 in Germany and in the United States from 1937-1938.
Intelligence is a property of the mind.
Nuevo Leon is a state at the Northeast of Mexico and South of Texas.
Halle  is the largest town in the German Bundesland of Saxony-Anhalt.
Saale is the name of two rivers in Germany: Saale in Thuringia and Saxony-Anhalt  and the Saale in Northern Bavaria .
Go Fish is a game with playing cards.
The Chicago White Sox are a Major League Baseball team who play on the South Side of Chicago, Illinois.
Pollination is the process in which plants make fruit to reproduce.
Gulls, also called seagulls, are birds.
"The Warriors" is a 1979 movie directed by Walter Hill.
Coney Island is a famous area in Brooklyn, New York.
Ferris wheels  are large, round, revolving structures with gondolas where people sit.
A cave is a natural underground hollow space that is completely dark.
The four-horned antelope  is a bovine even-toed ungulate.
The New Orleans Privateers college sports teams for the University of New Orleans .
Stanley Melbourne Bruce  was the eighth Prime Minister of Australia from February 1923 until October 1929.
James Henry Scullin  was the ninth Prime Minister of Australia from October 1929 until January 1932.
World beat music is a type of music.
Caprinae is a subfamily of the even-toed ungulate family Bovidae.
The domestic goat  is a domesticated mammal.
A domestic sheep  is a wooly four legged animal.
Capra is a genus of the subfamily Caprinae and the family Bovidae.
Major Richard Sharpe is a fictional character.
A protest is when a lot of people come together to show others that they strongly like or are against an idea or event.
Roskilde was the capital of Denmark until 1443.
Hong Kong Stock Exchange  is a stock exchange in Hong Kong.
Aarhus is the second biggest city in Denmark.
Odense is the third largest city in Denmark with about 146,000 inhabitants and the capital of the island of Funen .
Aalborg is a city in Denmark.
Esbjerg is a city in Denmark, on the peninsula Jutland.
Historically, the word "dirham" is comes from 'dirhem' which comes from the name of a Greek coin, the Drachm; the Byzantine Empire controlled the Levant and traded with Arabia, circulating the coin there in pre-Islamic times and afterward.
"Desperate Housewives" is a television series in the United States.
Ballroom dance is a dance done in partners, usually one woman and one man.
A wormhole is a shortcut through time and space.
A free kick is a kick awarded to the other team because of a foul, which is committed by another player.
A corner kick is a kick awarded to the a team for their opportunity to shoot at goal in soccer.It happens when the ball has come off a player at his or her own goal.
A referee is an official who watches a whole game of sports and makes all the decisions, the referee is always right and if any player argues they can get a yellow card or even sent off with a red card.
Cataracts appear in the eyes, they cause short-sightness , which means you cannot see things in the distance but can see things up close.
A goal kick is awarded when the attacking team puts the ball over the end line in football .
The Wiggles is an Australian-based children’s music group.
A throw-in in football  is when the ball has come off the opposite team, the other team picks that ball up and throws it in and the game continues.
A patch is a piece of a flexible material used to repair an object that has a hole in it, to protect an object from damage even before it is damaged, or to decorate clothing or other fabric items.
The word savanna comes from the term for plains.
A peasant is a name for a person that worked for others and never had much money.
Mary Donaldson, Crown Princess of Denmark was born on 5 February 1972 in Hobart, Tasmania.
Secondary school is the next step up from primary school.
A cushion is a soft bag of material, filled with wool, hair, feathers, or even paper in small pieces.
A choice is the act of making a decision.
Lutheranism is a denomination within the Christian religion.
Joseph Aloysius Lyons  was the tenth Prime Minister of Australia.
A plow or plough is a simple machine used in farming.
Maglev trains are a very fast type of train.
Someone's grandchildren are the children of his or her children.
Lace is a fabric, patterned with open holes in the work, made by machine or by hand.
A career is considered to be a job with opportunity for promotion within the company or corporation.
"Madeline" is a popular children’s book series.
A professional is someone who has a job for which they need a college or university education.
An apartment  is considered to be urban housing for young people who need to be close to their chosen professional career.
A blouse is the female version of the dress shirt.
A pocket is a bag which is part of an item of clothing, reached through an opening in the clothing.
A dress shirt is a shirt worn by men with a necktie in order to have a professional appeal and to look dignified in a crowd.
A suit and tie is an ensemble  of clothing which includes a dress shirt, a necktie, dress pants, a suit jacket , dress socks, leather dress shoes, and sometimes a vest.
The Gilmore Girls was an American television series.
The Nasal cavity is the inside of your nose.
Daniel Jacob Radcliffe is a English actor.
Juice is a liquid that comes from plants, animals or fruit.
A subtropical cyclone  is a cyclonic weather storm.
Morning is the time of day from 12:00 AM to 12 PM.
Disinfectant is a liquid used to destroy and kill unwanted germs and parasites.
There are many types of strength but the main strengths are listed below.
A floor is a horizontal surface inside a building.
Okinawa is the name for the islands in the far south of Japan.
Only Fools and Horses was a British comedy television programme.
The Ateneo de Manila University  is a private university run by the Society of Jesus in the Philippines.
Jerry Seinfeld  is am American comedian and actor.
Subtropical Storm Nicole was the 15th tropical or subtropical cyclone, 14th named storm, and 1st subtropical storm of the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season.
Cyanides are chemicals that contain the "cyano-group".
Kindergarten, literally meaning "children's garden", is the first stage in the move from home to formal schooling.
The 2006 Atlantic hurricane season was a annual event in the yearly cycle of tropical cyclones.
Crash Bandicoot is a fictional character from the videogame series with the same name, where he is the hero.
Elblag  is a city in the north of Poland.
The 500 Series Shinkansen are currently the fastest trains on the Shinkansen network.
Balaton is the biggest lake in Hungary.
Ceres , also known as 1 Ceres, is the smallest dwarf planet in the Solar System and the only one in the main asteroid belt.
An aquarium  is a place where fish and other animals that live in water are kept by humans.
Sir Earle Christmas Grafton Page  was the eleventh Prime Minister of Australia.
Ronin  is the word used to describe a kind of samurai without a master.
İsmet Özel is a Turkish poet.
Acarology  is the study of mites and ticks.
John Fredrik Reinfeldt  is the Prime Minister of Sweden.
The coat of arms of Russia  was used since the year 1993 as coat of arms of Russia.
"Brother Bear" is a Disney animated movie from 2003.
Logical volume management is a method of allocating computer storage.
Metallica  is Metallica's most successful album, selling over 14 million copies worldwide.
A rainbow trout is a species  of fish.
The Fat-tailed Gerbil is a species of gerbil.
"Dragon Ball" "" is a Japanese Manga and Anime by Akira Toriyama.
"Flowers for Algernon" is a book written by Daniel Keyes in 1960.
Steatite or soapstone is a metamorphic rock.
The Treaty of Tordesillas was a treaty between Portugal and Spain in 1494 where they agreed to divide up all the land on the Earth outside of Europe between the two of them, no matter who was already living there.
Mr.
Jam is a condiment.
The word Neisse or Neiße  or Nysa  is the name of three rivers and one city.
Old is the opposite of new.
A Penalty kick  is a type of free kick in soccer.
Vanilla is a flavoring.
Peppers are plants, but there are many unrelated genera .
The Glatzer Neiße  is a river that flows into the Oder river from the left.
The Oder River  is a 866 km-long river, which flows through the Czech republic, Poland and Germany, and into the Baltic Sea.
Robert Schumann (b.
A lecture is when someone talks to a group of people about something interesting.
Moselle is a "département" in the east of France named after the Moselle River.
Clara Schumann , was the wife of composer Robert Schumann.
The Four Noble Truths are a Buddhist teaching.
The word "composition" is used in literature, drama and poetry means the way that words are put together.
In music the word composition can be used in two ways.
The Theory of Relativity was created by Galileo Galilei in the 1600s.
Tropical Cyclone Steve was a tropical cyclone that affected northern Australia from February 27, 2000 until March 11, 2000.
BIOS, in computing, stands for Basic Input/Output System also incorrectly known as Basic Integrated Operating System.
Anna Stepanovna Politkovskaya  was a Russian journalist.
Bengali is a language from South Asia.
The peso is money used in many countries.
Sir Robert Gordon Menzies  was the twelfth Prime Minister of Australia.
Pauline Fowler was a character in "EastEnders".
Will Young  is an English singer and actor.
In chemistry, concentration is how much of a substance is mixed with another substance.
The Nightshades  is a family of plants.
Woodworking is a skill.
Anaestesia  is when a doctor can block pain, or alter how people feel pain.
Chessmaster aka  is a gaming program made by Ubisoft.
Saint Francis of Assisi  is a Christian Saint.
Printing is putting words and images on paper, most of the time using ink.
The Adelaide Cup is a horserace, held in Adelaide, South Australia.
David Lynch  is an American independent film director.
"The Dark Side Of The Moon" is a famous album by the band Pink Floyd.
Sir Arthur William Fadden  was the 13th Prime Minister of Australia.
John Joseph Curtin  was the 14th Prime Minister of Australia.
The Australian Capital Territory or "ACT" is a small territory in Australia.
The Governor-General of Australia is the representative in Australia of Australia's head of state, Queen Elizabeth II.
Major-General Philip Michael Jeffery  was the 24th Governor-General of Australia from 11 August 2003 until 5 September 2008.
A nanny is someone hired to take care of the children in a family.
Francis Michael Forde  was the 15th Prime Minister of Australia.
Joseph Benedict Chifley  was the 16th Prime Minister of Australia.
The High Court of Australia is the most powerful court in Australia.
Harold Edward Holt  was the 17th Prime Minister of Australia.
Archibald 'Archie' Macpherson  is a famous Scottish football commentator.
The biosphere includes everything living on Earth, including humans, animals, and insects.
A drum and bugle corps is similar to a marching band but it only has brass instruments, percussion instruments, and color guards.
The piccolo is a small flute that plays one octave higher than the normal flute.
Double reeds are a group of musical instruments with two reeds.
The alto flute is a flute that plays a fourth  lower than the regular flute.
Stevenage is a town in Hertfordshire in England.
"Yu-Gi-Oh!" is a manga series, two anime series, and two editions trading card game editions based on the two anime series.
The Travelling Salesman Problem  is a problem to solve.
A creditor is a person who loans money to another person.
"Anno Domini"  Lord"), shortened as AD or A.D., is used to refer to the years after the birth of Jesus.
Haze is a problem with the air quality in which smoke covers the sky, making it hard for people to breathe.
"Neighbours" is an Australian soap opera.
Sir John McEwen  was the 18th Prime Minister of Australia.
Sir John Grey Gorton  was the 19th Prime Minister of Australia.
Sir William McMahon  was the 20th Prime Minister of Australia.
Chatroom Bots  are computer programs.
Shawn Lane was an American musician.
Greg 'Greggles' Scott  is an English television presenter.
Twin Dragons  (also known as Brother vs.
Motorola is a company that makes cell phones.
An extrasolar planet (a.k.a.
An Extratropical cyclone  is a type of cyclone.
Some of the larger "small solar system bodies" may be reclassified in future as dwarf planets, pending further examination to determine whether or not they are in hydrostatic equilibrium .
"Frankenstein" is an 1818 novel by the English writer Mary Shelley.
ESPN is an American sports television network.
Advance Australia Fair is the official national anthem of Australia.
The 2006 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XX Olympic Winter Games, were celebrated in Turin, Italy from February 10, 2006, through February 26, 2006.
Year 1683 was a common year that started on Friday when using the Gregorian calendar.
"Dracula" is a horror novel by the Irish writer Bram Stoker.
The United States Air Force  is the aerospace branch of the United States armed forces and one of the seven uniformed services.
The European Broadcasting Union , known in French as L'Union Européenne de Radio-Télévision , and unrelated to the European Union, was formed on 12 February 1950 by 23 broadcasting organizations from Europe and the Mediterranean at a conference in the coastal resort of Torquay in Devon, England.
An annular hurricane is a term used in the north Atlantic Ocean and northeastern Pacific Ocean east of the International Dateline.
Centuries: 13th century - 14th century - 15th century Decades: 1270s 1280s 1290s 1300s 1310s - 1320s - 1330s 1340s 1350s 1360s 1370s Years: 1320 1321 1322 1323 1324 1325 1326 1327 1328 1329 .
Centuries: 13th century - 14th century - 15th century Decades: 1290s 1300s 1310s 1320s 1330s - 1340s - 1350s 1360s 1370s 1380s 1390s Years: 1340 1341 1342 1343 1344 1345 1346 1347 1348 1349 .
Centuries: 11th century - 12th century - 13th century Decades: 1060s 1070s 1080s 1090s 1100s - 1110s - 1120s 1130s 1140s 1150s 1160s Years: 1110 1111 1112 1113 1114 1115 1116 1117 1118 1119 .
1200 is a year in the 12th century.
Centuries: 13th century - 14th century - 15th century Decades: 1250s 1260s 1270s 1280s 1290s - 1300s - 1310s 1320s 1330s 1340s 1350s Years: 1300 1301 1302 1303 1304 1305 1306 1307 1308 1309 .
Centuries: 11th century - 12th century - 13th century Decades: 1050s 1060s 1070s 1080s 1090s - 1100s - 1110s 1120s 1130s 1140s 1150s Years: 1100 1101 1102 1103 1104 1105 1106 1107 1108 1109 .
The 2004 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXVIII Olympiad, were celebrated in Athens, Greece from August 13, 2004, until August 29, 2004.
The 1964 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XVIII Olympiad, were celebrated in Tokyo, Japan from October 10, 1964, through October 24, 1964.
The 1896 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the I Olympiad, were celebrated in Athens, Greece from April 6, through April 15.
Olympic Stadium is a Olympic Games Main Stadium.
Centuries: 13th century - 14th century - 15th century Decades: 1280s 1290s 1300s 1310s 1320s - 1330s - 1340s 1350s 1360s 1370s 1380s Years: 1330 1331 1332 1333 1334 1335 1336 1337 1338 1339 .
Centuries: 13th century - 14th century - 15th century Decades: 1300s 1310s 1320s 1330s 1340s - 1350s - 1360s 1370s 1380s 1390s 1400s Years: 1350 1351 1352 1353 1354 1355 1356 1357 1358 1359 .
Centuries: 13th century - 14th century - 15th century Decades: 1310s 1320s 1330s 1340s 1350s - 1360s - 1370s 1380s 1390s 1400s 1410s Years: 1360 1361 1362 1363 1364 1365 1366 1367 1368 1369 .
Centuries: 13th century - 14th century - 15th century Decades: 1320s 1330s 1340s 1350s 1360s - 1370s - 1380s 1390s 1400s 1410s 1420s Years: 1370 1371 1372 1373 1374 1375 1376 1377 1378 1379 .
Events and Trends.
Centuries: 10th century - 11th century - 12th century Decades: 1030s 1040s 1050s 1060s 1070s - 1080s - 1090s 1100s 1110s 1120s 1130s Years: 1080 1081 1082 1083 1084 1085 1086 1087 1088 1089 .
"Captain Underpants" was a popular series of children's books by Dav Pilkey.
Centuries: 10th century - 11th century - 12th century Decades: 1020s 1030s 1040s 1050s 1060s - 1070s - 1080s 1090s 1100s 1110s 1120s Years: 1070 1071 1072 1073 1074 1075 1076 1077 1078 1079 .
Centuries: 10th century - 11th century - 12th century Decades: 1010s - 1020s - 1030s - 1040s - 1050s - 1060s - 1070s - 1080s - 1090s - 1100s - 1110s 1049 1050 1051 1052 1053 1054 1055 1056 1057 1058 1059 1060 .
Makalani is the name given to a certain palm tree, growing in northern Namibia .
Centuries: 13th century - 14th century - 15th century Decades: 1330s 1340s 1350s 1360s 1370s - 1380s - 1390s 1400s 1410s 1420s 1430s Years: 1380 1381 1382 1383 1384 1385 1386 1387 1388 1389 .
Trowbridge is a town in Wiltshire, England.
Eid ul-Fitr is a Muslim holiday celebrated on the last day of Ramadan, the month of fasting.
In music, a bow is a stick which is strung with hair.
Bowing means: taking a bow.
Billie Jean King  is a former tennis player, who is considered one of the greatest female tennis players and athletes.
Fabio Cannavaro  is an Italian football player who now plays for Real Madrid of Spain.
"Toontown Online"  is a online video game created by The Walt Disney Company.
Timbre is a quality of sound.
Exaggeration means the describing of something and making it more than it really is.
Meiosis is the splitting of a cell to produce "gametes", which are the reproductive cells in the body.
The Dr.
Gainsharing is when an employer figures out how much to pay an employee based on how much money the company makes because of the employee's work.
t.A.T.u., or known in Russian as Тату, is a Russian pop music duo, made up of Lena Katina and Yulia Volkova.
Oracle Bones were bones that the Chinese would carve or scratch their questions on.
The Book of Mormon is a book that Latter Day Saints believe is the word of God along with the Bible.
A Demilitarized Zone is an area of land that has no military forces in it.
Cúcuta (pron.
A baryton is a string instrument with many strings.
Frankston North is a town near Frankston and Carrum Downs in Victoria, Australia.
"King Kong" is a 1933 movie about a giant ape.
Recursion is a word from mathematics.
A Monte Carlo algorithm is an algorithm for computers.
BBC Radio 2 is a radio station which is heard across the United Kingdom It started in 1967.
Postal maling lists.
Electrochemistry is a kind of chemistry that studies chemical reactions that use or make electricity: Reactions like this happen at "electrodes" which are made from something that conducts electricity, and put in an "electrolyte".
Sulfuric acid, or Sulphuric acid H2SO4, is an acid.
In general, a Jew is someone who belongs to the religion called Judaism.
Edward Gough Whitlam  was the 26th Prime Minister of Australia.
Sir John Robert Kerr  was the 18th Governor-General of Australia.
John Malcolm Fraser  was the 27th Prime Minister of Australia.
The Four Seasons Centre for the Performing Arts is an opera house in Toronto, Canada.
"Casino Royale" is the-twenty first James Bond movie.
The Australian Labor Party is one of the two major political parties in Australia.
Robert James Lee "Bob" Hawke  was the 23rd Prime Minister of Australia.
1209 is a year in the 13th century.
The Tony Award  is an annual award celebrating achievements in live American theater, including musical theater, primarily honoring productions on Broadway in New York.
Shinzo Abe was the Prime Minister of Japan.
The United Nations Secretary-General is one of the most important people in the United Nations.
The Petunia is a family of plants.
Guantanamo is a city in the southeast of Cuba.
Jane Goodall, born in England on April 3rd,1934, is a biologist.
Pete Townshend is the lead guitarist and songwriter for the rock group The Who.
Sadguru is a person who is considered in some eastern religions to be a master who has achieved enlightenment, and who can help others to achieve the same.
The aphelion is the point in the orbit of a planet or comet where it is farthest from the Sun.
Sir Anthony Richard Wagner  was an officer of arms from England.
John Philip Brooke Brooke-Little  was an officer of arms from England.
Sodium hydroxide is also known as caustic soda.
Condoleezza Rice  is the 66th and current United States Secretary of State.
Decidability theory is a branch of mathematics.
Ground is a commonly used word for the surface of the Earth.
John Ray Grisham Jr.
A construction worker is someone whose job is to work on a construction site where structures such as bridges or houses are being built.
Never Mind the Buzzcocks is a British television game show on channel BBC2.
Bayreuth is a town in northern Bavaria, Germany.
In Norse mythology, Ragnarök  is the battle at the end of the world.
Jörmungandr is a sea serpent in Norse mythology.
Hof is a German city in the north of Franconia.
Pancakes  are a kind of flatbread prepared from a batter that is baked on an oiled or buttered, hot griddle or frying pan.
Centuries: 10th century - 11th century - 12th century Decades: 990s - 1000s - 1010s - 1020s - 1030s - 1040s - 1050s - 1060s - 1070s - 1080s - 1090s 1039 1040 1041 1042 1043 1044 1045 1046 1047 1048 1049 1050 .
Centuries: 10th century - 11th century - 12th century Decades: 980s - 990s - 1000s - 1010s - 1020s - 1030s - 1040s - 1050s - 1060s - 1070s - 1080s 1029 1030 1031 1032 1033 1034 1035 1036 1037 1038 1039 1040 .
Centuries: 10th century - 11th century - 12th century Decades: 970s - 980s - 990s - 1000s - 1010s - 1020s - 1030s - 1040s - 1050s - 1060s - 1070s 1019 1020 1021 1022 1023 1024 1025 1026 1027 1028 1029 1030 .
1214 is a year in the 13th century.
Labium  is a Latin-derived term meaning "Lip".
Rete testis is a network of small tubules found in the part of the testicle that carries sperm.
The 1st century BC started on January 1, 100 BC and ended on December 31, 1 BC.
This is a list of the Kings and Queens of Great Britain, Ireland and the United Kingdom who reigned after England and Scotland joined together in 1707.
is a short way of saying of "Costume Play".
A Las Vegas algorithm is an algorithm.
N Factorial  is a function to calculate the product of every natural number from 1 to N.
A Database is a program for a computer.
Lichtenfels is a german town in Franconia.
Neustadt bei Coburg is a German city in the North of Franconia and has an population of ca.
Kronach is a german town in northern Franconia.
Rödental is a German town in the north of Franconia.
The Öresund bridge or  is a bridge between Malmö, Sweden and Copenhagen, Denmark.
"Rocko's Modern Life" is an animated television show that aired on Nickelodeon from 1993 to 1996.
A motorway is a word used in the United Kingdom, New Zealand, some other Commonwealth nations, and Ireland for a fast road, with four lanes or more.
In Norse mythology, Jörð  is a goddess.
In Norse mythology, Asgard is the home of the gods .
Midgard is an old Germanic name for our world.
"Alien" is a 1979 science fiction–horror movie directed by Ridley Scott.
Isabella of Castile was a queen of Castile and Leon.
The Xinhai Revolution was the word for many revolutions in China around 1911.
Sonneberg is a German city in the south of Thuringia.
Hildburghausen is a German town in the south of Thuringia.
Haßfurt is a town in Bavaria, Germany, capital of the Haßberge district.
Eisfeld is a German city in the south of Thuringia.
Bad Colberg-Heldburg is a German city in the south of Thuringia.
Schleusingen is a town in the district of Hildburghausen, in Thuringia, Germany.
Ummerstadt is a German city in the south of Thuringia.
Seßlach is a German city in the north of Franconia.
Ebern is a German town in the north of Franconia.
Bad Staffelstein is an German city in Franconia.
Ludwigsstadt is a municipality in the district of Kronach, in Bavaria, Germany.
Teuschnitz is a town in the district of Kronach, in Bavaria, Germany.
Wallenfels is a town in the district of Kronach, in the Frankenwald  of Bavaria, Germany.
Steinach is a German ski city in the south of Thuringia.
Lauscha is a German city in Thuringia.
Neuhaus am Rennweg is a German ski city in the south of Thuringia.
Themar is a town in the district of Hildburghausen, in the south ofThuringia, Germany.
Schalkau is a German city in the south of Thuringia.
Römhild is a German city in the south of Thuringia.
Mily Alexanyevich Balakirev  was a Russian composer.
Hector Berlioz  was a French composer.
Vincenzo Bellini  was an Italian composer.
Charles-Valentin Alkan  was a French composer and pianist.
Kalki is the final avatar or incarnation of the Hindu god Vishnu.
Thomas Arne (born London baptized 28 May 1710; died London 5 March 1778 was an English composer and violinist.
Johann Nepomuk Hummel (born Pressburg November 14 1778; died Weimar October 17 1837 was an Austrian composer and pianist.
Alphabetical order is a way to sort  a list.
Bad Rodach is a German town in the north of Franconia.
Mathangi "Maya" Arulpragasam  is an acclaimed artist, film graduate and musician.
The key system is explained in the article circle of fifths.
Otaku is a Japanese slang word which means someone who is crazy about something, especially anime and manga.
In music theory the Circle of fifths shows how the different keys are related to one another.
Hadock is a fish that lives in the Atlantic ocean.
The Kristallnacht  was a two day pogrom that happened against Jews in Nazi Germany and parts of Austria.
"Pogrom" ; from "громить" IPA: - to wreak havoc, to demolish violently) is a form of riot.
Centuries: 9th century - 10th century - 11th century Decades: 920s - 930s - 940s - 950s - 960s - 970s - 980s - 990s - 1000s - 1010s - 1020s Years: 970 971 972 973 974 975 976 977 978 979 .
Centuries: 9th century - 10th century - 11th century Decades: 940s - 950s - 960s - 970s - 980s - 990s - 1000s - 1010s - 1020s - 1030s - 1040s 990 991 992 993 994 995 996 997 998 999 1000 .
A Sertoli cell is a cell found in the testes.
University President is the highest title in some universities.
The Public Broadcasting Service  is a non-profit public broadcasting television service with 349 member TV stations in the United States, with some member stations available by cable in Canada.
UPN  was a television network in over 200 places in the United States.
A television network is a distribution network for television content whereby a central operation provides programming for many television stations.
Tokyo Tower is a tower in Shiba Park, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan .
The Vuelta Ciclista a España  is a long-distance bicycle race.
Seminiferous tubules are long thread-like tubes found in each of the testicles where sperm is produced.
The seminal vesicles are a pair of tube-like glands.
The glans penis  is the sensitive tip of the penis.
In grammar, the second person is the person whom someone is speaking to or writing to.
An optical fiber is a thin string or fiber for taking light from one end to the other.
Centuries: 4th century - 5th century - 6th century Decades: 440s - 450s - 460s - 470s - 480s - 490s - 500s - 510s - 520s - 530s - 540s Years: 490 491 492 493 494 495 496 497 498 499 500 .
Centuries: 3rd century - 4th century - 5th century Decades: 340s - 350s - 360s - 370s - 380s - 390s - 400s - 410s - 420s - 430s - 440s Years: 390 391 392 393 394 395 396 397 398 399 400 .
Centuries: 3rd century - 4th century - 5th century Decades: 310s - 320s - 330s - 340s - 350s- 360s - 370s -380s - 390s - 400s - 410s 360 361 362 363 364 365 366 367 368 369 .
A population pyramid is a graph.
A Quarry is a type of open pit mine that is used to get rocks and minerals from the ground.
The Central Powers was a group of nations fighting against the Allies during World War I; the members included Germany, Austria-Hungary, Italy, Bulgaria, the Ottoman Empire, and their territories.
A Soxhlet extractor is a piece of glass apparatus invented in 1879 by Franz von Soxhlet.
Dreams are the things that happen in a person's mind while they are sleeping.
A frenulum  is a small fold of tissue that prevents an organ in the body from moving too far.
Ejaculatory ducts are part of the human male anatomy.
The corpus cavernosum penis  is one of two sponge-like sections of tissue in the male penis.
"Torchwood" is a British science fiction television programme.
A bulbourethral gland  is one of two small glands found in the reproductive system of human males.
Centuries: 3rd century - 4th century - 5th century Decades: 330s - 340s - 350s - 360s - 370s - 380s - 390s - 400s - 410s - 420s 430s Years: 380 381 382 383 384 385 386 387 388 389 .
A fermion is one of the things that everything is made of.
A boson is a particle which has a whole number spin .
Vaginal secretion is when the vagina secretes liquid because of sexual stimulation.
Jürgen Klinsmann  is a German football player who started in VfB Stuttgart, a club in Germany, when he was seventeen.
The German national football team is a football team in Germany.
Quintana Roo is a Mexican state in the South.
Pilosa is an order of mammals in the superorder "Xenarthra".
The Dead Kennedys were a hardcore punk band from San Francisco.
Bad Brains is a band that plays hardcore punk music that is mixed with reggae music.
Xenarthra is a superorder of mammals.
Channel 4 is a television channel which broadcasts to the United Kingdom.
The B-52 stratofortress is a bomber that with aerial refueling, can fly long distances to reach targets anywhere in the world.
The Hudson River is found in the State of New York in the United States.
The George Washington Bridge is a bridge that connects part of New York City, New York to Fort Lee, New Jersey.
Freddy Krueger is a character from the Nightmare on Elm Street movies.
The Golani Brigade חטיבת גולני (also known as Brigade No.
A salt mine is a mine where salt is taken from the earth.
A key signature is a group of sharps or flats which are printed at the beginning of a line of music.
A virtuoso is someone who plays a musical instrument brilliantly.
Nancy Pelosi  is an American politician.
The Delaware River is a large river estuary in the Northeast United States.
Malcolm 'Mal' Evans  was a road manager and assistant to The Beatles, the most popular rock and roll band of the 1960s.
CamuCamu , also called Camu Camu, Cacari, and Camocamo, is a type of tree that lives in the Amazon Rainforest.
Geddy Lee  is the Canadian bass guitarist, singer, and synth player of the rock band Rush.
María Eva Duarte de Perón  was the second wife of Argentine President Juan Perón.
Embalming is the act of preserving a dead body, so it will not decompose.
Taxidermy  is act of taking the skin of an animal and preserving it, by putting it on a fake body.
Guantanamo Bay is a bay located in the south of the island of Cuba.
The Munich U-Bahn is a underground railway network in the city of Munich, Germany.
Richard Strauss  was a German composer.
Gustav Mahler , Bohemia, July 7 1860; died Vienna, May 18 1911) was a Czech-Austrian composer and conductor.
The Boston Marathon is a famous marathon which is run every April in Boston, Massachusetts on Patriot's Day.
The most famous ultramarathon run in the United States is the Western States 100 Mile Race.
Captain Planet is summoned when the powers of Earth, Fire, Wind, Water, and Heart are combined in the television show "Captain Planet".
"World of Warcraft" is a MMORPG computer game created by Blizzard Entertainment.
Santo Domingo de Guzmán, or just Santo Domingo, is the capital of the Dominican Republic; it is also its largest city.
Treason is when a person acts against his country.
Slave auctions were places where people were sold as slaves to other people.
Riots happen when many people meet to be violent.
Johann Strauss I  was as Austrian composer, conductor and violinist.
Johann Strauss II  was an Austrian composer, conductor and violinist.
The Speaker of the House is the leader of the United States House of Representatives in the government of the United States.
"Zatch Bell!" is an animated television series, anime, and manga.
Harmonics in music are notes which are produced in a special way.
A hamburger is a kind of sandwich.
Richard Marsland (a.k.a.
Ed Hyland-Kavalee (a.k.a.
Meow  is a sound made by cats.
The October Revolution refers to the seizing of power in Russia by the Bolsheviks led by Vladimir LLich Lenin.
Experience is knowledge a person gets by doing something or watching someone else do it.
Norse or Scandinavian mythology is the belief and legends of the Scandinavian people.
Fresh Meadows is a neighborhood in northeastern part of the borough of Queens in New York City, which is bordered to the east by Francis Lewis Boulevard, to the south by Union Turnpike, to the north by Kissena Park, and to the west by Utopia Parkway and Fresh Meadows Lane.
Miranda is one of Uranus' moons.
The trombone is a brass horn musical instrument.
A textile is a woven fabric, usually used to make clothing and other things, for example cotton, wool, silk and Linen.
Willy Brandt was a German chancellor from 1969 until 1974.
Konrad Hermann Josef Adenauer ).
Miri Ben-Ari is a hip-hop violinist.
The Scissor-tailed Flycatcher is a bird.
Alderaan is a fictional planet found in the "Star Wars "series of films created by George Lucas.
MUNI is the public transit agency that runs bus, cable car, trolley, and subway service in the city of San Francisco, California, USA.
Cartilage is the hard substance that the body uses to connect bones together.
Dokkyo University is a university in Soka city of Saitama prefecture, Japan.
Munich International Airport  is an airport 28 km north east of the city Munich, Germany.
Helmut Heinrich Waldemar Schmidt  is a German politician and was Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany from 1974 to 1982.
Glinde is a town in the province of Schleswig-Holstein in Germany, about 20 km away from Hamburg.
Nikolai Andreyevich Rimsky-Korsakov  was a Russian composer.
Modest Petrovitch Mussorgsky  was a Russian composer.
In the United States, the Provost is the chief academic officer of a college or university.
Robert Kocharian is the president of Armenia.
The Armenians are a nation from the Caucasus.
The Mass Rapid Transit or MRT  is a train system in Singapore.
Hampshire College is a private college located in Amherst, Massachusetts.
The word Public can mean different things.
Heather McCartney  is the daughter of Linda McCartney, and the stepdaughter of former Beatle Paul McCartney.
Jan-Michelle Kerouac  was the daughter of writer Jack Kerouac, by his second wife Joan Haverty.
A "survivor" is a person or animal which continues to live after something happens which might have killed them.
Exclusive disjunction  is a Logic operation.
Forchheim is a German town in Upper Franconia.
César Cui (born Vilnius, 18 January 1835; died 26 March 1918] was a Russian composer.
Alexander Porfir'yevich Borodin (born St Petersburg November 12 1833; died St.
A permit is a written document that has been given by a government source.
Corrosion is the breakdown of materials due to reactions within its area.
Rust is a type of corrosion.
Jamestown, Virginia is a town in the United States.
Centuries: 3rd century - 4th century - 5th century Decades: 320s - 330s - 340s - 350s - 360s - 370s - 380s - 390s - 400s - 410s - 420s Years: 370 371 372 373 374 375 376 377 378 379 .
Centuries: 3rd century - 4th century - 5th century Decades: 300s - 310s - 320s - 330s - 340s - 350s - 360s - 370s - 380s - 390s - 400s Years: 350 351 352 353 354 355 356 357 358 359 360 .
Centuries: 9th century - 10th century - 11th century Decades: 930s - 940s - 950s - 960s - 970s - 980s - 990s - 1000s - 1010s - 1020s - 1030s Years: 980 981 982 983 984 985 986 987 988 989 .
Suhl is a town in Thuringia, Germany.
Eisenach is a German city in the west of Thuringia.
GameFAQs is a website with help and information for video games.
Paul Thomas Mann  was a German author.
Werner Karl Heisenberg  was a German physicist, Nobel Prize winner and one of the people who started a new area of physics called quantum mechanics.
Islamophobia is a political term meant as an insult that literally means the fear of Muslims.
Ludwig Wilhelm Erhard  was a German politician.
Kurt Georg Kiesinger  was a German politician.
"Call of Duty 3" is a first person shooter video game.
Brian Johnson is a English singer and songwriter.
A centipede is an arthropod with many legs.
Bikini panties are a type of underwear.
Pomerania  is a region on the Baltic Sea.
Centuries: 9th century - 10th century - 11th century Decades: 880s - 890s - 900s - 910s - 920s - 930s - 940s - 950s - 960s - 970s - 980s Years: 930 931 932 933 934 935 936 937 938 939 .
Bronllys is a village in the Powys region of Wales.
Natural Language Processing  is a field in Artificial Intelligence, and is also related to linguistics.
Würzburg is a city in the German state of Bavaria.
"Rear Window" is a film by director Alfred Hitchcock.
A Conscientious objector  is a person who decides not to be a combatant in military forces.
The Anus language is a tribal language spoken in the Irian Jaya province of Indonesia.
The Rule of Law is the law that says that Government can only legally use its power in the way the government and the people agree.
The Electorate is the people or citizens of a state who elect representatives to represent them in a democracy.
Paramount Pictures Corporation is an American motion picture production and distribution company.
A chord in music is when two or more notes are played together .
Irish dancing is an ancient art of dancing.
A grill is a device used for cooking food.
The Order of operations is a mathematical and Algebraic concept.
A crystal is a solid whose molecules  are arranged in a repeating pattern.
Democracies are sometimes divided into Direct and Indirect , the latter are the most popular.
Democracy means ruled by all of the people.
A Revolution is a very sharp change made to something.
Western Digital is a company located in California, United States, that makes Hard Drives.
Speech is when sounds  are made in an attempt to communicate.
The Stage in a theatre is the area where the actors perform.
Darth Vader is a character from the "Star Wars" universe.
A Gesture is a form of communication.
Palpatine  is a character from the "Star Wars" universe.
Luke Skywalker is a character from the "Star Wars" universe.
Witchcraft is the use of certain powers, said to be supernatural.
A Heteronym is a word, or rather several words, with different meanings.
Potassium permanganate is the chemical compound KMnO4.
Centuries: 8th century - 9th century - 10th century Decades: 790s - 800s - 810s - 820s - 830s - 840s - 850s - 860s - 870s - 880s - 890s Years: 840 841 842 843 844 845 846 847 848 849 .
Centuries: 8th century - 9th century - 10th century Decades: 830s - 840s - 850s - 860s - 870s - 880s - 890s - 900s - 910s - 920s - 930s Years: 880 881 882 883 884 885 886 887 888 889 .
The Silkworm  is the larva or caterpillar of a moth that is important because it makes silk.
Death Valley is a valley in the U.S.
Mulberry  is a genus of 10–16 species of trees.
Procaine is a analgesic drug.
Leizu was a legendary Chinese queen.
Reforesting is the process of replacing plants in an area that has had them killed or destroyed.
A moth is an insect closely related to the butterfly.
A cocoon is a shell made of silk by moth caterpillars and other insect larvae.
Proctor Silex Co.
Scream is a movie from the United States by Wes Craven that was released in 1996.
The Columbine High School Massacre was a murder/suicide at Columbine High School near Denver, Colorado on April 20, 1999.
Jose Rizal  is a national hero of the Philippines and pride of the Malayan race.
Idiot is a word used to describe someone who is stupid.
Developmental psychology is also called Human Development.
Dickinson's Real Deal is a television show hosted by David Dickinson.
Kosovo  is a partially recognized country in the Balkans.
The Lips are a body part around the mouth.
An allergy is when someone cannot have a certain thing enter his or her body without getting sick.
Major Alfred Dreyfus was a man who was wrongly accused of treason to the French military.
Nucleic acids are where genetic information is stored.
Adam Elliot  is an Australian animator.
Phenylketonuria  is a genetic disorder  where a person's body cannot break down an amino acid called phenylalanine.
A group home is a private house that serves as a non-secure home for unrelated people who share a common characteristic.
Anfield is a football stadium in which the soccer team Liverpool FC play.
Blood pressure is the pressure made by the blood at right angles of the walls of blood vessels.
Crawford, Texas is a town in Texas, in the United States.
The Royal Navy is the navy of the United Kingdom.
The Mafia is a secret crime group working in many parts of the world that was created in Italy more than 200 years ago.
Metalocalypse is an animated comedy television series.
Into our dark house she comes, The Lucia celebrations also include ginger snaps and sweet, saffron-flavoured buns  shaped like curled-up cats and with raisin eyes.
Pride means having a feeling of being good and worthy.
Symmetry is a property that certain geometrical objects have.
Mount Ruapehu is an active volcano on North Island, New Zealand.
Klang  is the royal capital of Selangor, Malaysia.
The Moscow Metro is a metro system which reaches nearly every part of the city Moscow in Russia.
Kissing is a small town in Bavaria, Germany.
Anchorage is where a ship lies at anchor.
Jessica Simpson  is an American singer and actress.
Charmander is an fictional creature from the video game and anime series Pokémon made by Nintendo.
"Monty Python and the Holy Grail" is the second movie made by Monty Python.
The yen or en is money used in Japan.
West Forsyth High School is a high school in North Carolina.
Iff  means that two statements are "biconditional".
Appletalk is a suite of protocols for computer networking.
Miramax Films is a American motion picture distribution and production company.
The Western States 100 is a 100 mile race that is held each July in California's Sierra Nevada Mountains.
Scott Jurek is an famous runner who lives in Seattle, California.
The Badwater Ultramarathon is a race run from the lowest point in North America to the trail head of Mt.
Austria-Hungary or the Austro-Hungarian Empire was a state in Central Europe from 1867 to 1918.
Wisdom is knowing things that help a person to live sensibly and make good decisions.
Skates are a kind of fish.
Sir Roger George Moore  is an English actor and United Nations ambassador.
The Melbourne Cup is Australia's major horse race.
King Philip's War  was a war between Native Americans and English colonists.
Lip balm is a product which is put on lips so they will not dry when a person is outdoors in the sun and wind.
Coprophagia is the eating of faeces.
The Frankenwald  is a mountain range.
A Rapid transit , subway, underground, tube, elevated system) is a railway system.
A municipality is a word used for a city, a town or a village, or a small group of them.
A problem is a situation which is difficult to deal with.
Frierichshafen is a city in Germany.
A Zeppelin is an airship.
666 was a year in the western calendar, as counted Anno Domini.
A stanza is a related group of lines or verses in a poem.
Nanga Parbat is the 2nd highest mountain of Pakistan, in Azad Kashmir.
Cheema   is a warrior clan found in Jatts of India and Pakistan, who are descendants of Indo-Scythian tribes, and were named by the British as a Martial Race.
K2 is the second highest mountain in the world.
During respiration of animals, oxygen is taken into the blood stream  and carbon dioxide is taken from the blood stream .
Sir Kingsley William Amis  was an English novelist, poet, critic, and teacher.
__NOTOC__ .
Centuries: 3rd century - 4th century - 5th century Decades: 290s - 300s - 310s - 320s - 330s - 340s - 350s - 360s - 370s - 380s - 390s Years: 340 341 342 343 344 345 346 347 348 349 .
Ferdinand II "the Catholic"   was king of Aragon , Castile, Sicily , Naples , Valencia, Sardinia and Navarre and Count of Barcelona.
Web 2.0 is what people call new ways of showing or using things on the Internet.
The Broons is a comic strip in the Scottish newspaper The Sunday Post.
The Roman Republic was a phase in history of the Ancient Roman Civilization.
The First Triumvirate is the name most historians give to the political alliance between Gaius Julius Caesar, Marcus Licinius Crassus and Gnaeus Pompeius Magnus.
The Second Triumvirate was an alliance between Gaius Julius Caesar Octavianus, Marcus Aemilius Lepidus and Marcus Antonius.
Occam's razor  is a principle from philosophy.
Rio Grande do Sul is a brazilian state, in Southern Brazil.
Turbofolk or Pop-folk is a style of music from the Balkans that was invented in the early 1990s.
Bérurier Noir are a French punk band which formed in Paris in 1983.
The term Roman Britain is a term is given to Britain, when it was under the control of the Roman Empire from 43 to 410.
990 is a year in the 10th century.
Bixente Lizarazu is a French athlete.
Shetland  is a group of islands .
A Salt evaporation pond  is a man-made shallow pond.
Image:Wiki plot 04.png|thumb|right|Average salinity of the surface for the World Ocean per year.
Food preservation is the name for a number of processes that help to preserve food.
Clapham Junction is a railway station located in Battersea in the London Borough of Wandsworth.
Adenosine Triphosphate  is the universal energy currency for all living things.
Shrimp are small, swimming crustaceans.
The prawn is a crustacean.
Lee Redmond is a woman from the Salt Lake City, Utah, United States.
Martin Amis is an Welsh novelist.
Xi Shun   is in the Guinness Book of World Records as the world's tallest living man.
Crabs are crustaceans.
Gran Colombia was a country that was created by Simon Bolivar.
A fingernail is a hard part of the body at the tip of the fingers.
The crustaceans are a large group of arthropods.
An organism is called sessile if it cannot move about on its own.
An organism is called motile if it can move on its own.
Maria Montessori was an Italian educator and doctor.
Jacob de Gheyn III is a famous painting.
"Toy Story" was the first Disney/Pixar animated movie.
María Esther de Capovilla  was a Ecuadorian supercentenarian and the world's oldest living between May 29, 2004, aged 114 years 258 days, and her death from pneumonia on August 27, 2006, aged 116 years 347 days.
Gophers are small, burrowing rodents.
Warts are growths on the skin.
Suffocation happens when a living thing can no longer breathe air, causing death.
Ming Kipa is Nepalese Sherpa girl.
Sun Tzu or Sun Zi was a Chinese mathematician of the third century CE.
Sergey Karjakin is a Ukrainian chess player.
Yusuf Islam was born in July 21, 1948, who is an English singer.
The Malay language, or Bahasa Melayu, is a language spoken in Asian countries like Malaysia and Singapore.
Timothy Peter Dalton  is a Welsh-born English actor famous for playing fictional spy James Bond in two films in 1987 and 1989.
Euzebiusz Smolarek is a Polish football player.
Bushido is a German rap music singer.
The National Party of Australia is the third biggest political party in Australia.
Oil well is a way that people get oil from the ground.
A prairie is a flat area of land with not much rain.
A mall is a large building that contains many stores  that are close to each other and sell products.
Ice skating is a type of sport.
The Alpine Lynx is a breed of domestic cat.
A trading post is a place where trade takes place.
Wasps are yellow and black insects that can sting.
The Human papillomaviruses are a group of papillomaviruses.
Salicylic acid is a chemical substance.
Shampoo is a beauty care product.
Dmitri Dmitriyevich Shostakovich  was a Soviet composer.
In optics, transparency is the property of allowing light to pass through something.
Punjab is a region in Asia.
A rug is a thick cloth that is used to cover a floor.
Hepatitis is a disease of the liver.
A rodeo is a North American sport.
The Dewey Decimal System is a way to sort books.
A rhombus is a parallelogram  with all sides equal in length.
Change is the money returned after paying for something with more money than it costs.
Homework is school work that students are given at school to do at home.
Garlic is a type of plant that people eat for food.
A glaze is a type of paint used on pottery or ceramics.
The Leland Stanford Junior University, often called Stanford University , is a private university next to Palo Alto in California, in the middle of Silicon Valley, about 37 miles  southeast of San Francisco and about 20 miles northwest of San José, in Santa Clara County.
An undergraduate is a student completing a first degree.
"This page is a redirect page.
Palladium is a chemical element.
Beauty care items are products used to make people look pretty.
The Irish Republican Army or IRA originated from the Irish Republican Brotherhood, and fought against the British army to get freedom for Ireland in the Irish War of Independence.
Rhythm and blues  is a popular music genre combining jazz, gospel, and blues influences, first performed by African American artists.
Tungsten  is a chemical element.
An arc is a part of a circle.
Particulates are very tiny pieces of a solid or liquid that are carried floating in a gas.
Shorthand or "stenography" is a way of writing.
This is a picture of a sine wave.
Things that repeat are things that happen again and again.
Collingwood Football Club is a Club playing Australian Rules Football.
A yard is a measure of length.
Vibration means very quick moving back and forth.
Molybdenum is a chemical element.
In chemistry, a solution is a homogeneous mixture of one or more substances.
Insurance in law and economics is a form of risk management.
A Bunsen burner is a common piece of laboratory equipment.
Michael Faraday  was an English chemist and physicist.
Robert Wilhelm Bunsen  was a German chemist.
Keith Haring  was an American artist.
"The Adventures of Tintin"  is a Belgian comic strip, created by Hergé  starting in the late 1920s and into the 1970s.
Selenium is a chemical element.
Germanium is a chemical element.
Organometallic compounds are compounds that have chemical bonds between an one or more metal atoms and one or more carbon atoms of an organyl group .
Tom Green is a Canadian actor and comedian.
The Force is a term from the "Star Wars" universe.
In the fictional "Star Wars" universe, the Jedi or Jedi Knights are members of an old order, who use a power they call The Force.
In the fictional "Star Wars" universe, the Sith are users of the Dark side of The Force and the opposite of the Jedi.
Alex Jones is a radio talk show host from Texas.
Stuart Fergusson Victor Sutcliffe  was an early member of the English band The Beatles.
George Boole,  was a English mathematician and philosopher.
Managua has been the capital city of Nicaragua since 1855.
Flat things do not curve in any direction.
A curve is a line that turns or bends.
The Möbius strip or Möbius band is a geometrical object.
The Klein bottle is a strange surface.
The following are special shapes: They are either impossible to construct using Euclidean geometry or they look very unusual.
Entropy is the name of some different things.
In Geometry, a side is a line that is part of a flat figure made from straight lines.
Te Puke is a small town in the Bay of Plenty in New Zealand.
A valley is a type of landform.
A Manifold is a concept from mathematics.
NADP  is a coenzyme that carries electrical energy used in cellular processes.
The CW Television Network, is a television network that created when two of the United States six major television networks  merged in 2006, making only five major broadcast networks now, in the US, the other four are CBS, NBC, ABC, and FOX.
Borzoi is a type of Russian dog.
Giuseppe Garibaldi was an Italian soldier.
Edward the Confessor ("c".
Gilbertville is a hamlet in Norfolk County, Ontario, Canada that is in between Delhi and the historical hamlet of Pine Grove.
World War III is the name given to a possible third world war.
A shotgun is a type of gun.
Randall Rudy "Randy" Quaid is an American actor.
Oakland, California is a city in California, it is across the bay from San Francisco.
A mosquito is an insect.
Molasses is a by-product of sugar canes or sugar beets being turned into sugar.
Syrup is a thick, sweet, flavored liquid with a great deal of sugar in it.
Sugarcane  is a genus of plants.
Sugar beet is a plant.
Tourette syndrome is an inherited neurological disorder.
The Soybean  is a plant.
A henagon  is a shape in geometry.
The Moors were the Muslim inhabitants who lived on the Iberian Peninsula, the Mahgreb and West Africa in the Middle Ages.
When talking about ecology, a habitat describes the place where many animals or plants of a certain kind of animals or plants live.
Long Island is a large island in New York.
Kathleen Wendy Herald Peyton  is an English writer.
The Fédération Internationale de Volleyball , often referred to as just FIVB, is the organization that controls international Volleyball.
Old World is a term about the world before Christopher Columbus.
The International Astronomical Union  is a international group that brings together the national astronomical groups from around the world.
Obfuscation means to make something harder to understand.
The Chicago Bears are a professional American football team in the National Football League based in Chicago, Illinois.
Cool Runnings is a 1993 Disney movie.
Schmallenberg is a town in the German state North Rhine-Westphalia.
The French and Indian War was a part of The Seven Years' War.
Sif is a goddess in Norse mythology.
Political correctness  means using words or behavior which will not offend any groups of people.
In Norse mythology, Mjolnir is the war hammer of Thor, the god of lightning, thunder, wind, and rain.
An orphan is a child that has lost his or her parents.
"Lady Macbeth of the Mtsensk District"  is an opera by the Russian composer Dmitri Shostakovich.
Adoption is the legal process of taking a child into a household as a new family member.
A border dispute is when two countries or more do not agree where border is between two countries, such as State of Israel and Palestine and Pakistan and the Republic of India over Disputed Territory of Kashmir.
Ambiguity means something that can mean two different things.
Qantas is an airline from Australia.
Heavy Metal is a loud, aggressive style of Rock music.
Gesualdo is an Italian commune of the region of the Campania, province of Avellino, with about 3.800 inhabitants.
Aphra Behn  was an English playwriter.
Ben Jonson  was a major poet and playwright in English Renaissance drama.
Robert Browning  was an English poet and playwriter.
The Unknown Warrior is a tomb of an unknown British soldier who was killed on the battlefield during World War I.
Joseph Addison (b.
Ipiaú is a city in Bahia, Brazil.
The German Empire  is the name for a group of German countries from from January 18 1871 to November 9 1918.
Anthony Dymoke Powell  was a British novelist.
A journalist is a person who works in journalism.
Centennial High School is a high school is located in Las Vegas, Nevada and is one of many high schools in the Clark County District.
Nellis Air Force Base  is a United States Air Force military base.
Women's basketball is a special type of basketball for women.
Cebu is the oldest city in the Philippines.
The Siberian Husky is a medium-sized working dog.
Paradise  is a place where you have a good time and many things are there when you need it.
Heaven's Gate was the name of a UFO group led by Marshall Applewhite and Bonnie Nettles, until their deaths.
A positive number is a number that is bigger than zero.
Bernkastel-Kues is a city in Germany.
Thionville is a city in France.
Metz is a city in northeast France.
Cochem is a city in Germany.
The Saar River is a river in France and Germany.
Konz is a city in Germany.
Max is a common name in America.
Simple living means "living life easy".
Meteor burst communication is a way of communicating using the ionized trails made by meteors as they enter the earth’s atmosphere.
Spyware is a category of software for computers.
A vector space is a concept from mathematics.
A Prisoner of war is a fighter that has been captured by the forces of the enemy, during an armed conflict.
Jackson's Chameleons are a species of chameleon found in the forests of Kenya and Tanzania.
Resuscitation is a kind of thing to do in a medical emergency.
The aubergine  is a vegetable.
The Coral Sea Islands  is a group of islands on the Great Barrier Reef, in the country of Australia.
Pernambuco is a state of Brazil.
Manioc  is a shrub.
Life cycle means how a living thing is born, grows up, gets older, reproduces and dies.
Yucca is a family of shrubs and trees, related to the agaves.
Herbs are plants that are grown either as a food , or because they have some use in treating diseases , or for spiritual reasons .
Podcasting is a new way to share information through MP3 audio files.
Sir Alexander Fleming  was a Scottish biologist and pharmacologist.
A litter box  is a place for cats and some other pets to use as a toilet.
Playgrounds are areas used by children to play in.
The Woodstock Music and Art Festival was a rock music festival at Max Yasgur's 600 acre  dairy farm in the town of Bethel, New York from 15 August–18 August 1969.
Phishing is a way that criminals get sensitive information .
Edward Heath was a Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.
"One Magic Christmas" is a 1985 Christmas movie released by Walt Disney Pictures, starring Harry Dean Stanton and Mary Steenburgen.
Kidney failure  is a term used to describe when a person's kidneys stop working properly.
Simply put, Raoult's law states that the vapour pressure, of a binary solution, containing a non-volatile solute, is directly related to the mole fraction of solvent (i.e.
An Overdose is when someone takes too much of a certain drug.
Kargil War was a war between Indian  and Pakistani forces in Kargil in 1999.
A person is in shock when blood is not sufficient to bring oxygen to the brain.
David Lloyd George  was the British Prime Minister during the last half of World War I.
Big Ben is the name of a thirteen ton bell that rings in the clock tower at the northern end of the Houses of Parliament in Westminster, London, England.
Strontium is a chemical element.
Alkaline earth elements are related to the Alkali metals, but they do not react this acute, because they need more energy to remove two electrons.
Dag Hammarskjold   was a Swedish diplomat and the second Secretary-General of the United Nations.
My Belarusy is the official national anthem of Belarus.
Yorkshire pudding is a British food.
Extraterrestrial life is life that is not from the planet Earth.
A segment is a piece.
Christian Apologetics Research Ministry  is a religious organization that was created in 1995 by Matt Slick.
The American University of Beirut  is the first American university to be built in Beirut, Lebanon.
In Arabic, caliph means "a successor to the prophet".
Bensheim is a city in Hesse, Germany.
"Verão Vermelho" is a song by Santana which came off the album Festival.
A false prophet is a person who claims to be a prophet but really is not.
Paul Adrien Maurice Dirac, Order of the Merit  was an English physicist.
The is a symbol of the Japanese nation and the unity of its people.
A pipe is a tool that people use to smoke tobacco and other drugs.
Thomas Tallis  was the most important English composer of his generation.
Homophony means music in which the voices or instruments sing or play chords.
Technetium is a chemical element.
Monasteries are places where monks live.
Windows Neptune is a version of Microsoft Windows that was in development during 1999 and January 2000.
The Society of Saint John the Evangelist is an Anglican religious order.
Alexander Lukashenko is the leader of the country of Belarus.
A shelf is a piece of furniture that is used for storing items.
The throat is a part of the body.
The word safe has more than one meaning.
Gelatin or Jelly is a dessert item.
Biogeography is the science on where animals live or had lived and why they go to live there.
Biophysics is a science where the laws of physics are used to study biology, the science on life and living things.
A macromolecule is a large group of molecules with a large molecular mass, the mass of all the atoms in a molecule.
Dendrology is the science of trees and other woody plants such as shrubs or lianas.
Entomology is the science of insects.
Ethology is the science of how animals usually act or behave.
Henry III  became King of England in 1216 when he was less than ten years old.
Edward I , was a King of England who was known for conquering Wales and keeping Scotland as part of England during his lifetime.
A cell nucleus is a part of the cell.
Scotland Yard is a police force in the United Kingdom.
Antimony is a chemical element.
Buckingham Palace is a giant house owned by the British royal family.
Amherst is a town in the American state of Massachusetts.
Conservative is a word that means "does not like change".
The 2008 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXIX Olympiad, were celebrated in Beijing, People's Republic of China from August 8 to August 24.
Pierre de Fermat  was a French lawyer at the "Parlement" of Toulouse, southern France, and a mathematician.
Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz   1646 – November 14 1716) was a German scientist who wrote mostly in French and Latin.
Optimism is a philosophy and a way of life.
Pessimism is a philosophy and a way to see things in life.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints  is the largest group in the Mormon movement.
In Norse mythology, Fenrir or Fenrisulfr is a giant wolf.
Russell Ira Crowe is an New Zealand-Australian actor.
Renin is an enzyme that is made by the kidneys.
A knight was a soldier in the Middle Ages.
The Kuiper belt is an area of the solar system beyond the orbit of Neptune  to 50 AU from the Sun.
Moles are animals found in North America, Europe and Asia.
Professor Terence Chi Shen Tao is a Chinese-Australian mathematician who currently resides in the United States.
Fritz Lang  was a Austrian director, screenwriter, and movie producer.
The scattered disc  is a distant part of the solar system.
Flatworms  are a phylum of invertebrates.
Trematoda  is the name for a number of species of flatworms.
Period instruments are musical instruments which have been made in the same way that they were hundreds of years ago so that old music will sound like it used to when it was first composed.
Monogenea are a type of flatworm.
Turbellaria are a genus of free-living flatworms.
In Norse mythology, Bifröst is the bridge between the land of mortals, Midgard, and the land of the gods, Asgard.
Mendoza is a Province of Argentina, located in the region called Cuyo.
A dosimeter is a tool.
A Geiger counter  is a dosimeter that can measure ionizing radiation.
A Wide Area Network, or WAN, is made up of several computer networks connected together, often over the Internet.
A corporate network is a group of computers, connected together, which are all owned by the same company.
The spelling "disk" is also used in science, such as .
Noodles are thin strips of pasta.
Gaia Online is a website created around anime and chatting.
Jötunheimr  is the land of the giants in the Norse mythology.
Princess Leia Organa, born Leia Amidala Skywalker, is a character from the "Star Wars" universe.
Ayrton Senna da Silva , better known as Ayrton Senna, was a Brazilian Formula 1 driver who won the championship three times, in 1988, 1990 and in 1991.
Adriano Emperado  is a Filipino-Hawaiian martial artist.
Paramaribo is the capital city of Suriname.
ADOM  is a computer game.
Jagdterriers are a breed of dogs.
Erwin Rudolf Josef Alexander Schrödinger  was an Austrian Physicist.
Dioxins is the name for a group of chemical compounds.
Arnold Johannes Wilhelm Sommerfeld  was a German mathematician and theoretical physicist.
James Clerk Maxwell  was a Scottish mathematician, physicist and discoverer of Maxwell's equations.
Roman Vishniac ['vɪʃniæk]  is a Russian-American photographer, a type of artist who takes pictures, and a biologist, a type of scientist that studies living things.
Penicillin is a common antibiotic, used to treat bacterial infections.
Depleted uranium is what is left over after uranium is enriched.
A commuter is a person, who travels from a suburb of a city into the city-centre every day.
Anne Redpath was a Scottish artist.
A CD-RW  is like a Compact disc that can be recorded and erased multiple times.
A Magneto-optical drive is a disk drive for computers.
The United States Presidential line of succession is based on laws that says the order of who replaces the United States President if he leaves office before his term is over.
Oulu is a Finnish city.
James Boswell  was a Scottish lawyer and author.
A Gondola is a kind of boat.
A MiniDisc is a small magneto-optical disk.
"Lolita" is a novel, written by Vladimir Nabokov.
Angela Haynes  is a Women's Tennis Association  tennis player.
Vania King  is an American tennis player.
Bottle caps are used to seal the opening of bottles.
Quality is how good something is.
A Gargoyle is a grotesque statue.
Oostende  is a city located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Windows 2.x is in the family of Microsoft Windows picture-based operating environments that was better than Windows 1.0.
The UEFA European Football Championship champions .
Abuja is a city in Nigeria.
An assault rifle is a rifle that has a magazine that can be removed, can be fired automatically, and fires bullets that do not have the power of other rifles like hunting rifles or battle rifles, but have more power and penatration then pistol bullets fired by submachine guns.
Salvador Felipe Jacinto Dalí Domènech, Marquis of Pubol or Salvador Felip Jacint Dalí Domènech , known by many people as Salvador Dalí, was a Spanish artist who became famous for the unusual images he used in his paintings.
Anne de Mowbray, "Baroness Mowbray"  was the daughter of John Mowbray, 4th Duke of Norfolk and Elizabeth Talbot.
Framlingham Castle is a castle in Suffolk, England.
Warwick Castle (pron.
Edinburgh Castle is a castle in Edinburgh, Scotland.
Alfred Charles Kinsey  was an American biologist.
The Kinsey Reports are two books, published in the late 1940s and early 1950s by Alfred Kinsey and others.
Ruthenium is a chemical element.
Niobium is a chemical element.
An explosion is a very fast increase in volume and increase in energy made available.
Rhodium is a chemical element.
Tellurium is a chemical element.
Indium is a chemical element.
Francium is a chemical element.
Rhenium is a chemical element.
Thallium is a chemical element.
Néstor Kirchner  was President of Argentina between 2003 and 2007.
"The Cunning Little Vixen"  is an opera by the Czech composer Leoš Janáček.
"A", "E", "I", "O", "U", "Y" are vowels, just like English.
Lake Victoria or Victoria Nyanza  is a lake in Africa.
Tonsilitis is a disease.
Encephalitis is a disease of the brain.
Mitosis is when one animal or plant cell creates two identical copies of itself by splitting in half.
Inflammation is the first reaction of the immune system to an infection or irritation.
A car rental agency or a rent-a-car  is a company that rents automobiles for short periods of time  for a fee.
Mechanical Engineering is designing mechanical things.
Paul Newman  was an American actor.
The Piccadilly Line is a line of the London Underground, coloured dark blue on the Tube map.
The Berlin Olympiastadion is a sports stadium in Berlin, Germany.
The Athens Olympic Stadium is a sports stadium in Athens, Greece.
The 2000 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXVII Olympiad, were celebrated in Sydney, Australia from September 15, 2000, until October 1, 2000.
The 2002 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XIX Olympic Winter Games, were celebrated in Salt Lake City, Utah, United States from February 8, 2002, through February 24, 2002.
A Stradivarius is a string instrument  built by the 17th century Italian Stradivari family that was famous for making them.
Gadolinium is a chemical element.
The "Grand coalition" refers to if the two biggest political parties in Germany  join forces together .
Persephone was a Greek goddess of grain and spring.
The Bundestag is the legislature of Germany.
The 1.
World History as it is used here is about the study of the cultural achievements of the entire human race.
Ur was the world's first known city.
The Odenwald is a mountain chain in the south of Hesse, in the north of Bavaria and the north of Baden-Württemberg.
Sviatoslav I was an early ruler of the Kievan Rus', a nation that evolved into modern Ukraine.
Citrus is a common term and genus of flowering plants in the family Rutaceae.
Daylight saving time  is the local time adopted by many countries during summer.
Lanthanum is a chemical element.
Rowing is about moving a boat on water using human muscle power.
An Inkjet printer is a printer for computers.
A laser printer is a printer for computers.
Lawrencium is a chemical element.
Darmstadtium is a chemical element.
The Wampanoag were a Native American tribe.
Mandir is a place where Hindus go to worship Brahma.
Kitchener is a city in Ontario, Canada.
A spring is a point where water flows out of the ground.
Thorium is a chemical element.
The source of a river or stream is the original point from which the river flows.
A Laserdisc, like a DVD, can play video of a higher quality than VHS.
Californium is a chemical element.
Torgau is a town on the banks of the Elbe in northwestern Saxony, Germany.
Chemical bonds are what join together atoms.
A physical property is a property, quality or way that an object is.
A concept is an idea that is applied to all objects in a group.
Kenpo or kempo is the descriptive name of various Japanese martial arts with Chinese origins, and also of hybrid martial arts: the Japanese ones and the Chinese ones.
The word Edge can stand for different concepts .
Tyr is a god in Norse mythology.
Loki is a giant in Norse mythology.
Freyja  is a goddess in Norse and Germanic Mythology.
Frigg  is a goddess in Norse mythology.
William Wallace was a knight from Scotland who fought the King of England  in the Middle Ages.
The Æsir are the main gods of Norse mythology.
"Braveheart" is a movie starring Mel Gibson.
A semiconductor is a solid whose electrical conductivity can be controlled by adding impurities.
Curium is a chemical element.
Lanark is a town in South Lanarkshire, Scotland.
Robert I of Scotland  is more better known as Robert the Bruce.
Geelong is the second biggest city in the state of Victoria, Australia.
"Monty Python's Life of Brian" is a 1979 comedy by Monty Python, which is about the life of Brian Cohen , a young man born on the same night and the same street as Jesus Christ.
A foundry is a place where molten  metals are poured into casts, to make metal things of a certain shape.
Call of Duty is a first person shooter video game series.
In particle physics, an elementary particle is a particle "not" made up of smaller particles.
In physics, spin is the angular momentum of a particle.
Bendigo is a city in central Victoria, Australia.
Ballarat is a city in central Victoria, Australia.
Heimdall  is one of the gods in Norse mythology.
Tantalum is a chemical element.
Hafnium is a chemical element.
Lutetium is a chemical element.
The Anaheim Ducks are an ice hockey team from Anaheim, California, California.
In Norse mythology, Móði  and Magni are the sons of Thor.
Kerosene or paraffin oil is a colourless flammable liquid, usually used for fuel.
A brass instrument is a musical instrument that you play by blowing through a mouthpiece to change the pitch, or note.
Crystallization is the way that atoms gather to make tightly bonded or connected groups.
Stir frying is a when food is cooked in a Wok .
Ragnarok Online is an online computer game.
Cairns is a city in Queensland, Australia.
The Arabian Sea is a sea between Arabian Peninsula and the Indian peninsula.
If touched, it may cause a skin irritation.
Ytterbium is a chemical element.
Ununtrium is a chemical element.
A heart transplant is a type of surgery where someones heart is removed and another one is put in, because theirs isn't working properly.
Joan Chandos Báez is an American folk singer and songwriter.
The Kalmar Union was a historical union of Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Western Finland, and various other provinces and areas.
Activities in physics.
Tomorrow Never Knows is a Japanese pop song sung in 1994 by Mr.
The Bay of Plenty is a region in New Zealand.
A Plotter is a kind of printer for Computers.
Dot-matrix printers are printers for computers.
Vercingetorix  born 72 BC, died 46 BC) was a chieftain of the Gallic tribe of the Arverni.
Philippe Noiret  was a well-known French actor.
Monica Belllucci  is an Italian actress.
Murrayfield stadium in Edinburgh is the home of the Scottish national rugby team.
__NOTOC__ This is a list of football clubs in Sweden.
AIK , is a sports club from Sweden.
"Network Ten" is one of three major television networks in Australia.
Seven Network is one of three major television networks in Australia.
Accountancy is the profession which deals with a company's money, books and records.
Desmond Michael Lynam  is an Irish, television and radio presenter.
A carbonate is a chemical compound that is made of carbon and oxygen.
Antony van Leeuwenhoek , full name Thonius Philips van Leeuwenhoek  was a Dutch tradesman and scientist from Delft, Netherlands.
Barbie is a toy doll.
Parmesan cheese is the name of a few kinds of Italian extra-hard cheeses.
Franz Liszt (born Raiding, nr.
Wikia is a website where people can make a wiki.
Mozzarella is a kind of fresh cheese.
Limburger cheese is a cheese made from cows' milk.
MyScene is a type of doll created by the Mattel Toy Company.
Bora Bora is a small island in the Leeward group of the Society Islands of French Polynesia, an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean.
The Appalachian Mountains  are a large group of North American mountains.
Raven-Symone Christina Pearman  is an American actress and singer.
The Arabian horse is a breed famous for beauty and stamina.
The crust is the outer hard layer of the planet.
This is a diagram that shows the movement of food and materials from the producers or those who make their own food  in an ecosystem to the consumers or those who eat other things a chain describes the movement of energy by showing only one of the ways that food can go through the chain.
Embryology is the study of embryos or babies inside of mothers.
Histology is the study of body tissue.
Ann Arbor is a city in Michigan.
A Fez is a Middle-Eastern hat.
Microbiology -  science in the composition of biology, which is occupied by the study of microorganisms , microscopic fungi, protozoa and of alga,frequently and by viruses).
A transposon is a gene or series of DNA code that can move around inside the cells genome.
Toowoomba  is a city in South East Queensland, Australia.
Albury is a city in New South Wales, Australia.
Francisco de Goya y Lucentes  was a Spanish painter.
Inclusive disjunction  is a Logic operation.
Logical conjunction  is a Logic operation.
Logical negation  is a logic operation.
Logical equality is a logical operation.
Logical implication (also known as implies, or If...
The art of the Hellenistic time (400 B.C.
Interest is the cost for borrowing money or the payment for lending money.
Newcastle is a city in New South Wales, Australia.
An era is a very long time, probably millions of years.
Drowning means dying from not being able to breathe in water or another liquid.
Schrödinger's cat is a thought experiment about quantum physics.
Wollongong is a city in New South Wales, Australia, located on the eastern coast of Australia, south of Sydney.
Yule is an old pre-Christian holiday  that is better known as the Winter solstice or Christmas.
This is a list of cities in Australia sorted by state.
Warrnambool is a city on the south-western coast of Victoria, Australia.
Whitney Adela Sloan  is a English actress.
Macedonia is the name of two areas in Europe .
Rock, Paper, Scissors is a two-person hand game.
Katie Liu Leungis a Scottish actress, who is most famous for her roles as Cho Chang in the Harry Potter series.
"Psycho" is a 1960 horror film directed by Alfred Hitchcock.
Film noir is a term used to describe crime drama movies from Hollywood that are often focused on sex, crime, and corruption.
Jazz fusion  is a style of music.
Stadio Olimpico is a sports stadium in Rome, Italy.
Insulation reduces or stops the flow of energy.
The Arc de Triomphe, in the end of the Champs-Elysées, is a very famous monument in Paris.
A show is a theatrical, cinema, music or choreographic representation.
Traffic signals are instruments for controlling traffic by using changing lights.
A railway signal or just signal is a mechanical or electrical machine that gives train drivers or engineers information about the state of the line ahead.
Maitland is a city in New South Wales, Australia.
Benalla is a city in Victoria, Australia.
Grafton is a small city on the northern coast of New South Wales, Australia.
Zupaysaurus was a dinosaur from 213 million years ago.
Zephyrosaurus was a small dinosaur.
Hypsilophodon was a plant-eating dinosaur that lived 105 million years ago.
Dryosaurus was a kind of dinosaur from 150 million years ago.
Iguanodon was a huge plant-eating dinosaur from the Cretaceous period in North America, Africa and Asia.
Xylem is a vessel in plants where nutrients can be taken from the roots to the stem.
Allosaurus was a predatory dinosaur from the Jurassic period.
Abelisaurus was a large dinosaur that ate meat and grew around 25 to 30 feet  in length.
Ceratosaurus was a predatory dinosaur from the Jurassic period.
Carnotaurus was a predatory dinosaur that lived 105 million years ago.
Coelophysis was a small fast running dinosaur from 215 million years ago.
"Dilophosaurus"   was a huge dinosaur from 200 million years ago that fed on sauropodmorph dinosaurs.
"SimCity 4" is the fourth sequel to the SimCity computer game.
Elasmosaurus was a 46 foot long swimming reptile that lived in North America.
The Waffen-SS was part of the SS.
Pizzicato means: playing a string instrument by plucking the strings .
Long pieces of classical music are often divided into movements.
Port Hedland is a city on the north coast of Western Australia.
Worms  is a city in the southwest of Germany in the federal state of Rhineland-Palatinate .
A transistor is an electronic component that can be used as an amplifier, or as a switch.
A Sex toy is a device that helps humans get more pleasure when they have sex or when they masturbate.
Compsognathus was a species of dinosaur.
Micropachycephalosaurus  was a small herbivore dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous.
Velociraptor  was a predatory dinosaur in the Late Cretaceous Period.
Rhea is Saturn's second largest moon.
Mimas is one of Saturn's largest moons.
An aphrodisiac is a type of food or drink that has the effect of making those who eat or drink it more aroused in a sexual way.
Protoceratops was a ceratopsian dinosaur from Mongolia.
Megapnosaurus was a small dinosaur from the Early Jurassic.
Vidar is a god in Norse mythology.
Anchisaurus was a small sauropodmorph dinosaur from the Early Jurassic.
Segisaurus was a small dinosaur from the Triassic.
Psittacosaurus was a small ceratopsian dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous.
Zuniceratops was a ceratopsian dinosaur.
Quilmesaurus was a predatory dinosaur from the Cretaceous period.
Tsarevich Alexei Nikolaevich of Russia was to be Emperor of Russia.
Zalmoxes was a dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous.
Oviraptor was a dinosaur from what is today Mongolia.
Oyster is the name given to a few bivalves.
Tumour means swelling, but the word is sometimes used to mean tissue growth where it should not be growing.
Sony Ericsson Mobile Communications AB is a mobile phone manufacturer.
The Australian dollar  is the official currency of the Commonwealth of Australia.
A washing machine is a machine designed to wash dirty clothes.
The word benign is often used to refer to a medical condition that will not become life-threatening if it is not treated, but can also mean that something is not harmful.
"The Frankfurt U-Bahn" is an underground railway network in the city of Frankfurt, Germany.
Geraldton is a city and port in Western Australia 424 km north of Perth.
The Frankfurt International Airport  is the biggest airport in Germany and the third largest in Europe , it is located in Frankfurt, Hessen.
Marki is a town near Warsaw, in Poland.
William Harvey was an English medical doctor.
Zoey 101 is a television series on Nickelodeon about teenagers in a boarding school.
The "Velocisaurus" was a dinosaur related to Ceratosaurus.
Valdosaurus was a fast dinosaur related to Dryosaurus, that lived perhaps 81 million years ago.
The Great Famine or the Great Hunger  is the name given to the famine in Ireland between 1845 and 1849.
Wannanosaurus was a dinosaur that ate soft plants.
A chihuahua is a very small breed of dog and are bred to be pampered.
Minmi was a dinosaur that ate plants.
Rugops was a dinosaur related to Ceratosaurus.
Habits.
Heterodontosaurus was a plant-eating dinosaur.
Camarasaurus   was a large plant-eating dinosaur.
Zizhongosaurus was a very large plant-eating dinosaur.
Belching is the act of making a burp.
The Great Fire Of London was a tragedy that happened in London, England in 1666.
The Golgi complex, also known as the Golgi apparatus, Golgi body or dictyosome is an organelle .
Institut Teknologi Bandung  is a public government-funded, higher education, technology school located in Bandung, West Java, Indonesia.
A superconductor is a special type of material that conducts electricity without resistance.
Alan Leslie 'Fluff' Freeman  was a famous Australian radio presenter but worked most of his career in the United Kingdom.
The sunflower  is an annual plant in the family Asteraceae, with a large flower head .
Peter Cushing  was an English actor.
Brian Krause  is an American actor who grew up in El Toro, California.
Julian McMahon  is an Australian actor and former model.
Theodore William King is an American actor.
Coffs Harbour is a city on the north coast of New South Wales, Australia.
Yggdrasil is the name of the tree that links different worlds of Norse mythology.
Impeachment in many places is part a process to remove government officials without that official wanting to leave his job.
In common law, an indictment is a charge saying that a person committed a very serious crime.
A trial is where 2 groups of people argue in a court.
Belinda Peregrin Schull  is a Mexican/French/Spanish singer and actress.
Ngo Dinh Diem or "Ngô Ðình Diệm" in Vietnamese was the first President of South Vietnam.
The Great Plague of London was when the disease called the bubonic plague hit London in 1665-1666, killing many people.
Empress Matilda (c.
Kaiser was title used for the Emperor of Germany from the creation of unified Germany in 1871 until the end of World War I.
Orange is a city in New South Wales, Australia.
The endometrium is the inner membrane of the uterus in mammals.
The "Nibelungenlied", translated as "The Song of the Nibelungs", is an epic poem in Middle High German.
A dwarf is a short, humanlike creature in Norse mythology as well as other Germanic mythologies, fairy tales, fantasy, fiction and role-playing games.
They live in Asgard together with the Æsir as a token of goodwill following a peace treaty.
Mole is the SI unit of measurement used to measure the number of things, commonly atoms or molecules.
Plesiosaurus was a prehistoric marine animal.
"Doraemon"（ドラえもん) is a Japanese manga and anime series.
Alfred the Great (c.
A festival is a gathering of people to celebrate something.
The Oort Cloud is a cloud of comets and other objects that scientists and astronomers believe exists beyond the orbit of Pluto, in what is called the Kuiper belt.
Dynasty means rulers who belong to the same family for generations.
The Han Dynasty came to power in 202 BC.
The Zhou Dynasty defeated the Shang Dynasty using the mandate of heaven and said they were immoral at about 3000 BC, and came to power.
Frank Anthony "Tony" Iommi  is a guitarist from Birmingham, England.
The Yellow River or Huáng Hé  is the second longest river in China  and the fourth longest in the world.
A rebellion  is when the citizens of a country take over the government by force because they don't trust the current system.
France had many kings for a long time, until the French Revolution in 1789, when the French king was killed.
A battle is a fight between two or more groups where each group is trying to defeat  the others.
Or see the placename Devizes .
Edward IV of England was a king of England.
Pterosaurs were flying reptiles that lived at the same time as the dinosaurs.
Quetzalcoatlus was a huge pterosaur.
Mozilla was a web browser that was made open source.
Fedora is a distribution  of Linux developed by the community-supported Fedora Project and sponsored by Red Hat.
Bagels are a type of bread made with flour.
A doughnut  is a sweet deep-fried piece of dough or batter.
Mary II of England was born on April 30, 1662, and died on December 28, 1694.
The 1936 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XI Olympiad, were celebrated in Berlin, Germany from August 1, 1936, through August 16, 1936.
Mesopotamia  is the region where parts of Iraq, eastern Syria, and southeastern Turkey are now, between the Euphrates and the Tigris rivers.
Joss Hill Whedon is an American writer, director and producer.
Guanajuato is a Mexican city.
Bathurst is a city in the state of New South Wales, Australia.
The following is a list of Pacific typhoon seasons.
The Songhai Empire was a muslim empire that started after the Mali Empire ended.
SeaMonkey is a free Internet application, which uses the Gecko rendering engine.
Proceratosaurus was a dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic era around 180 million years ago.
Cowboy Bebop is a Japanese anime television show.
"The Vision of Escaflowne" is a Japanese anime television show that aired in Japan on April 2, 1996.
Firs  are about 45-55 species of evergreen trees in the family "Pinaceae".
A conifer cone  is a part of a tree that lets the tree reproduce.
Spike Speigel is the main character in the Japanese anime television show, Cowboy Bebop.
Jet Black is a main character in the Japanese anime television show, Cowboy Bebop.
Faye Valentine is the main female character in the Japanese anime television show, Cowboy Bebop.
Edward is a main character in the Japanese anime television show, Cowboy Bebop.
Julia is a character in the Japanese anime television show, Cowboy Bebop.
"Punch and Judy" is a very popular puppet show which children in Britain love to watch.
Boudicca  was a queen of the Celtic Iceni people of Norfolk.
Boomerang is the name of at least four television networks owned by Cartoon Network.
A boomerang is a flying tool.
Niflheim is the world of frost and cold of Norse Mythology.
Baldur  is Odin's second son.
A prophecy is a claim on how the future will be like, which is not based on any ordinary source of information.
Vicious is a villain character in the Japanese anime television show, Cowboy Bebop.
Anatotitan  was a type of dinosaur called a hadrosaur.
Ornithomimus was a dinosaur that could run very fast.
The Book of Job  is the 18th book in the Hebrew Bible or Old Testament.
Abide with Me is a religious song or hymm.
Hail Mary is a Christian prayer to Mary, the mother of Jesus.
Ein is the smart pet dog in the Japanese anime television show, "Cowboy Bebop".
A studio is a place where an artist can work.
The Electric Light Orchestra, also known as ELO, were a popular English rock band from the 1970s and early 1980s.
Ash trees are trees.
In the Western Christian calendar, Ash Wednesday is the first day of Lent.
Valkyries  are lesser goddesses in Norse Mythology.
Zosterops is a type of bird.
Dimorphodon was a prehistoric reptile.
The name Cryolophosaurus means "frozen crested reptile." The characteristic feature of this dinosaur is the large crest on the top of the skull, above the eyes.
Coloborhynchus was a pterosaur.
Alder is the common name for about 30 kinds of trees and shrubs of the Alnus genus.
Futabasaurus was a plesiosaur from the Late Cretaceous.
An ovum  is the name for the haploid female reproductive cell.
The horn is a brass instrument.
Valhalla  is a giant hall.
Horns are part of the body of some animals.
Mead is a fermented alcoholic drink.
In Norse mythology, Ull  is the son of Sif, and the step-son of Thor.
Thrud is the daughter of Sif and Thor in Norse mythology.
Hugin and Munin are two raven, commonly associated with Odin.
Hel is a goddess of Norse mythology.
A Runestone or Rune stone is a large stone, with runes inscribed on it, dating from the early Middle Ages.
A balcony is a kind of floor at a certain height, which stands out from the building.
Bergstraße  is the name of a mountain route, and the area around it, which stretches across the western edge of the Odenwald in southern Hesse and northern Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
A Waistband is something found on underwear.
The Caucasus or Caucasia is a region in Eurasia bordered on the south by Iran, on the southwest by Turkey, on the west by the Black Sea, on the east by the Caspian Sea, and on the north by Russia.
The Hamidian massacres took place around 1895 until 1897.
Alfred Pampalon  was born in the city of Lévis, Quebec, and died at 28 in Sainte-Anne-de-Beaupré.
Armenian oblast  was an oblast  around eastern Armenia.
St.
The Armenian language is a Indo-European language.
The Armenian diaspora is a term used to describe the communities of Armenians living outside of Armenia.
Carol Jean Vorderman  is an English television presenter.
Automobiles have changed a lot since the 1920s.
The Norns are deities in Norse mythology that governed fate.
Liopleurodon was a large species of pliosaur.
Libonectes was a plesiosaur related to Liopleurodon that lived 65 million years ago.
Dimetrodon was a prehistoric reptile from the Permian period .
Spinosaurus  was a huge meat eating dinosaur.
The Rhamphorhynchus was a small pterosaur.
Anhanguera, which ment 'Old Devil', was a big Pterosaur from the Late Cretaceous period.
Zhejiangopterus is a pterosaur that was found in China.
Tupuxuara was an omnivorous pterosaur that lived 112 million years ago.
Anurognathus was a small pterosaur that lived 150 million years ago.
The Thirty-Nine Articles are the historic statements of Anglican beliefs.
Ojiya  is a city in Niigata, Japan.
Tantalus was a mortal king in Greek mythology.
, meaning "Way of the Warrior", is a Japanese code of conduct and a way of life, more or less similar to the European code of chivalry.
Campaign is trying to get something.
Manco Capac  was the first of the fourteen Inca rulers of Peru.
Mama Ocllo was the wife of Manco Capac, first of fourteen Inca Empire rulers.
Brazzaville is the capital city of the Republic of the Congo.
The Yellow Sea is the northern part of the East China Sea, which in turn is a marginal sea of the Pacific Ocean.
The East China Sea is a marginal sea east of China.
The Governor of California is the highest office in the state government in the American state of California.
A hymn is a religious song of worship, or a sacred song.
Scarlett O'Hara is the name of the main character in the book "Gone with the Wind" by Margaret Mitchell, and "Scarlett" by Alexandra Ripley.
Vivien Leigh  was an English actress.
The prayer to the Sacred Heart of Jesus is a Roman Catholic devotion.
Marian prayers or Marian devotions are acts of praying to Mary, the mother of Jesus.
William Clark Gable  was an American actor.
Nyctosaurus was a pterosaur from the Late Cretaceous period.
Marilyn Monroe, born Norma Jean Baker on June 1, 1926, was a famous american actress, singer and model.
Eliot is a American town in the state of Maine.
Troödon was a dinosaur related to Saurornithoides.
Saurornithoides was a fast running dinosaur from 79 million years ago.
Reining is a competitive way of riding a horse.
Rani of Jhansi Laxmibai  was an Indian queen and warrior.
Hryvnia is the national currency of Ukraine .
Chronos is the Greek god of time.
Speyer  is a city in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate with about 50.000 inhabitants on the Rhine river.
The Johann Wolfgang Goethe University in Main opened in 1914.
Thayer Academy is a private school that prepares people for college.
Siegfried is a strong hero in the "Nibelungenlied", a epic poem written about the year 1200.
James II of England/VII of Scotland  became King of Scots, King of England, and King of Ireland on 6 February 1685, and Duke of Normandy on 31 December 1660.
The Fichtelgebirge is a mountain range in northeastern Bavaria, Germany.
The Ore Mountains  are a mountain range in Germany and the Czech Republic.
To manifest something means to show it, or to make it clear or to make it known.
Henry IV  was a king of England.
Thalassodromeus was a pterosaur found in northern Brazil.
An oratorio is a piece of music for orchestra, choir and solo singers.
'Pterodactylus' was a small pterosaur or flying reptile.
Rutiodon was a type of phytosaur.
When Dinosaurs Roamed America is a 2001 television movie from the Discovery Channel.
A cigar is a form in which tobacco is smoked.
Bahá'u'lláh, wich means "Glory of God", was a Persian nobleman who founded the religion known as the Bahá'í Faith.
`Abdu'l-Bahá was a Persian man born in 1844.
Shoghi Effendi  was a Persian man.
A will or testament is a legal document that explains the last wishes of someone after they die.
Uhlan is the name for a type of Polish soldier of light cavalry, armed with lance .
The word not negates the meaning of the word or phrase following it.
The chin is the most lower part of the face.
Anne of Great Britain  became Queen of England, Scotland, and Ireland on March 8 1702.
A knot is a fixed looping of a piece of string or rope.
Flensburg  is a city in Germany, next to the border to Denmark.
Goslar is a historic city in Germany.
Margaret Whitman  is an American business person.
MTV  is an American cable television network.
The Bundesautobahn 45 , is a Motorway from the Ruhr area till Hanau.
Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax  is a football club from Amsterdam, Netherlands.
A fungicide is a poison.
Chad Robert Turton  is a Canadian singer and guitarist for the rock band, Nickelback.
Consecutive integers are integers that follow each other in order.
Beowulf is the hero of the Anglo-Saxon poem "Beowulf".
A clan is a group of people who - following a tradition - belong to the same kin.
Muon-catalyzed fusion  is a type of cold nuclear fusion, which means that nuclear fusion can happen at low temperatures and under normal pressure.
Nomadic people  are people who move from place to place, rather than living in one place.
A geodesic dome is a type of building that looks like half a ball shape .
Coprolalia is a condition that affects about 15% of people with Tourette syndrome.
"Billy Talent", before called Pezz, is a Canadian band.
Don Cheadle  is an American actor.
Massospondylus was a dinosaur from 200 million years ago, during the Early Jurassic Period.
mIRC is popular shareware Internet Relay Chat  client for Microsoft Windows.
The...for dummies is a series of books that try to explain something very simply.
The Source is a fictional character in the television series "Charmed".
The Takasaki line is a 74.7 kilometer railway line that runs from Omiya station in Saitama Prefecture to Takasaki Station in Gunma Prefecture.
The Red Panda  is a mammal.
Refraction is the change in direction of a wave, caused by the change in the wave's speed.
Psychedelic mushrooms is the name given to certain kinds of mushrooms.
Harold Godwinson or King Harold II of England (c.
The Spanish Armada was a Spanish navy fleet most famous for being used by Spain's King Philip II to attack Britain in 1588.
The Most Reverend Frank Tracy Griswold III was the 25th Presiding Bishop and Primate of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America.
The Sun is the star and the largest object in our solar system.
The sign of the cross is a physical gesture made by Catholics.
The Seljuks  were a Muslim dynasty.
Jell-O is a company owned by Kraft Foods that makes jelly desserts.
Pteranodon was a big pterosaur from the Late Cretaceous period.
Richard II  was the son of Edward the Black Prince, Prince of Wales, and Joan "The Fair Maid of Kent".
Drinker was a small dinosaur from North America.
Franz Ferdinand are a popular indie rock band from Glasgow, Scotland.
S.
Henry V of England  was the King of England from 1413 to 1422.
Athlete's Foot is a condition where the foot is dry and cracked, which can be mildly painful.
The word back has several meanings.
Reflection is the change in direction of a wave at a boundary between two different media, so that the wave moves back into the same medium from which it came from.
The Caspian Sea is the largest lake on Earth by both area and volume, with a surface area of 371,000 square kilometres  and a volume of 78,200 cubic kilometres .
Complementary angles are two angles than when their measurements are added together is equal to 90 degrees .
Civil rights are rights that all people in the same country should have.
Ununpentium is a chemical element.
Ununseptium is the temporary name of a chemical element.
"The World Factbook", also known as the "CIA World Factbook", is a book that contains the Central Intelligence Agency's information about the world's countries.
A taco is a traditional Mexican food that consists of a tortilla that is rolled or folded around a filling.
Gerard Arthur Way is an American singer.
Emerson, Lake & Palmer were a English progressive rock group.
Newark is the largest city in New Jersey.
Aeolic Greek was a dialect of the Greek language that was spoken on the island of Lesbos and nearby parts of Asia Minor.
"Myst" is a computer game released in 1993.
Father Christmas is the British name for Santa Claus.
Wham! was a English pop band.
George Michael  is an English singer-songwriter.
Chink is a rude and derogatory insult for a Chinese person.
Spermicide is a substance that kills sperm before it can enter the vagina.
"Big Brother" is the name of a reality television series that involves people  living in a house for a period of time  in hope of winning a big cash prize.
The euphonium is a brass instrument.
Prophylaxis is a Greek word that means "to guard or prevent beforehand".
Abū Bakr (c.
The lemon is the common name for "Citrus Lemon." A lemon is a yellow citrus fruit, it is related to the orange.
An elevator is a machine that can move people or things up and down.
Stephen William Bragg , known as Billy Bragg, is an English singer and guitarist.
Budweiser is a popular American beer.
Shi'a Islam, also Shi'ism  is a denomination of the Islamic faith.
The Brixton riot of April 11, 1981 was the biggest of three riots in Brixton, London, and the biggest riot in London.
Caudipteryx was a small feathered dinosaur.
Protarchaeopteryx was a small feathered dinosaur from China.
Pentaceratops was a very large ceratopsian dinosaur.
Greenwich Mean Time is an internationally standard time format.
1 divided by a number gives the reciprocal of that number.
Launches.
The British Museum in London is one of the world's largest and most important museums of human history and culture.
Dexter is a television series that is being shown on Showtime television network.
Python is a programming language that was made to look good and be easy to read.
Back to the Future is a movie.
Plot.
Arthur Schopenhauer  was a German philosopher.
The 2005 Cronulla riots were a series of violence between Lebanese and white Australian mobs.
The 1992 Los Angeles riots, also called Rodney King uprising or Rodney King riots, started on April 29, 1992 when a jury set four white police men free.
The hypotenuse is the side opposite the 90 degrees angle in a right triangle.
In Norse Mythology, the Niðavellir are dark fields, mentioned in the Völuspa.
Python is the name given to a number of constricting snakes.
Consultation is a special way of discussing problems and making decisions used by Bahá'ís.
The Serbian language is spoken in Serbia, Croatia, Montenegro and Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Namaste is a greeting used a lot in many East Asian countries.
Xylem is the water transporter cells of plants.
In geography, confluence means the meeting of two or more waterways.
A Neural network is an artificial system .
The Werra is a river in central Germany.
In medicine, the word Blackout is a form of amnesia.
Muspelheim  is the realm of fire, in Norse mythology.
A Jotun or Jötun in Norse mythology, is a giant.
The "BBC Sports Personality of the Year" is an award that is given to a sportsperson in December every year.
The Labyrinth is a palace built by Daedalus by order of King Minos of Crete to hold his son, the Minautor, a bloodthirsty man with a bull head.
Amnesia is a what doctors call a loss or disturbance of memory.
Icarus is the son of Daedalus.
Sportscene is a Scottish television programme.
Trauma is the name doctors have for an injury.
Madeline L'Engle is an American writer.
Henry Hudson  was an English explorer.
Clara Gordon Bow was an American actress.
Warm-blooded animals are animals who can control the temperature of their body.
A sales quote is an estimated amount that a person selling something gives to a customer.
MapleStory is an online computer game made by the Korean company Wizet, and maintained and distributed by Nexon.
Kiwa hirsuta is a crustacean that was first found living on the Pacific Ocean floor at 7200 feet deep, 900 miles south of Easter Island in March 2005.
Notice that even if these two line segments were extended to infinity, there would never be a point of intersection between the two of them.
Mount Fuji  is the highest mountain in Japan.
Nu metal is a style of metal music that uses elements of hip hop and heavy metal music.
Ketsumeishi is Japanese hip hop group.
Impreza is a Japanese automobile.
Taka and Toshi are a comedy pair from Hokkaido, Japan.
Alain Prost was a French automobile racer and Formula One World Champion.
B'z is a Japanese rock band.
K-1 is a kickboxing competition.
PRIDE Fighting Championships was a mixed martial arts organization based in Japan. PRIDE held more than sixty mixed martial arts events.
The University of Tokyo is the national university of Japan.
Implicit derivatives are derivative of functions that are not given in formula_1...
Howard Carter  was an English archaeologist.
The Redfern Riots on 14 February 2004 were started in the inner Sydney suburb of Redfern after the death of Thomas 'TJ' Hickey, a 17 year old Australian Aborigine.
Fingering means: choosing which finger to use for each note when playing a piece on a musical instrument.
The Rhön Mountains are a group of low mountains in central Germany, in the states Hesse, Bavaria and Thuringia.
A piece is a bit of something.
The LZ 129 Hindenburg was a large German airship, built in 1936.
The Vogelsberg Mountains are a group of low mountains in central Germany, located in the middle of the state of Hessen.
The Fulda is a river in Hesse, Germany.
Headstream or headwater is a stream that create at their confluence a new river or stream.
Emo is a kind of music that is short for "emotional hardcore".
Gonadotropins  are hormones.
The De Lorean Motor Company was a car manufacturer formed by John De Lorean in 1975.
"Stargate SG-1" is a science fiction television program.
Stargate Atlantis is a television series.
Code Lyoko is a French animated television series.
Enchilada is a traditional Mexican dish.
Sugar Sugar Rune is a Japanese manga.
Byzantine art means the art of the Eastern Roman Empire from about the 5th century until the Fall of Constantinople in 1453.
Hel is one of the nine worlds of Norse mythology.
Wrigley is a Canadian community in the Northwest Territories.
The tabulating machine was a machine used to process the 1890 United States census.
FreeBASIC is a programming language like QuickBASIC.
Bohrium is a chemical element.
Fermium is a chemical element.
In a longitudinal wave, the particles do not move with the wave.
Southbridge is a city in the American state of Massachusetts.
The Tibetan language is a language of Tibet and parts of China, parts of Northern Pakistan and Indian Occupied Kashmir in the Ladakh area, the Republic of India states of Himachal Pradesh and Uttaranchal, Nepal and nearly all of Bhutan.
Aschaffenburg is a German city in the west of Franconia.
In sports, a Most Valuable Player award is an honour given to the player or players of a team that performed better than the other players throughout a league or contest.
A stoat is a small mammal of the family Mustelidae.
An icon, from the Greek word for image, is a picture of something holy or divine.
An icon  is an image, picture, or representation which has a religious meaning.
Eastern Christianity means the Christian traditions and churches which developed in Greece, the Balkans, Eastern Europe, Asia Minor, the Middle East, northeastern Africa and southern India over several centuries of religious antiquity.
Love Hina is a Japanese manga created by Ken Akamatsu.
The Super Nintendo Entertainment System  is a 16-bit video game console created by Nintendo.
The Sega Saturn is a 32-bit video game console made by Sega.
Iðunn is a goddess in Norse Mythology.
Goldeneye 007 is a video game on the Nintendo 64.
The following is a list of dinosaurs.
Oronzio Maldarelli was an Italian born American sculptor and artist.
The Brights is a group that was started by Paul Geisert and Mynga Futrell to make a name that sounds good for people who have views on life based on nature .
Dish can mean a plate or pan for food or a kind of food prepared for a meal.
A hinge is something that connects two objects and lets them rotate.
Visible light is the light that can be seen by the human eye.
An instrument can be mean refer to several things.
Producer is something that creates one thing or one being.
Italian wines are those produced in Italy, the oldest wine producing region, and are considered to be among the best wines in the world.
The SG Essen  is a swimming club in Essen .
Western civilization or Western culture is made up of North America, Central America, South America, and Europe from Iceland to Moscow, Russia, as well as Australia, New Zealand, and the Philippines.
e is a mathematical constant.
The term Monster can mean different things.
A platelet is a cell fragment that circulates in the blood.
Politically, "Eastern Europe" may in fact cover all of northeastern Eurasia, since Russia is one single transcontinental country.
During the Cold War, the term Eastern Bloc  was used to refer to the Soviet Union and its allies in Central and Eastern Europe .
Truthiness is a word used by Stephen Colbert.
A multi-core CPU is a computer processor which has two or more sections.
The Western Bloc during the Cold War means the powers allied with the United States and NATO against the Soviet Union and the Warsaw Pact.
The Free World is a term that was used during the era of the Cold War.
The 2006 Dublin riots were a series of riots.
The Warsaw Pact or Warsaw Treaty Organization was officially named the Treaty of Friendship, Co-operation and Mutual Assistance, and was an organization of Central and Eastern European Communist states.
Central Europe is the region lying between the areas of Eastern and Western Europe.
A Four-wheel drive , all-wheel drive, or AWD) is a vehicle on which all four wheels get power from the engine to move forward.
2D or Two Dimensional uses two parameters: width and length.
Microraptor was a small feathered dinosaur related to Velociraptor.
Opera is a set of tools for the internet that includes a web browser, e-mail, and IRC Chat.
An orange is a type of citrus fruit which people often eat.
"Diplodocus" was a huge dinosaur from the same time as the "Allosaurus".
Onions are vegetables.
The Universal House of Justice is the name of a council that leads the Bahá'í community.
Logitech is a company that makes things for computers and video game consoles.
A bacteriophage is a virus that infects bacteria.
Deconstruction is a way to understand books, poems and other writing.
Nihilism is the idea that life, or the world, has no meaning or purpose.
"Licensed to Ill" is the first album of the Beastie Boys, released on November 1986.
Coronary heart disease, also called coronary artery disease, is a progressive reduction of blood to the heart muscle because of the narrowing of the coronary artery.
Fructose is a simple sugar  found in many foods.
Peer pressure is a force that occurs within a group of people.
In biology, a cuticle is something that covers the outside of living things called organisms.
Leek is a vegetable.
A Great power is a nation or state that is able to influece other states in a large part of the world.
A bite is a wound received from the teeth of an animal.
Before the 19th century, the term 'Nordic' or 'Northern' was commonly used to mean Northern Europe in a sense that included the Nordic countries, European Russia, the Baltic countries  and Greenland.
During the Cold War "Western Europe" was mainly a socio-political concept and meant the European countries of the First World.
Southern Europe is a region of the European continent.
Corsica is the fourth largest island in the Mediterranean Sea .It is located west of Italy, southeast of France, and north of the island of Sardinia.
A MASER or "Microwave Amplification by Stimulated Emission of Radiations" can produce electromagnetic waves by an amplification.
The World Wide Web Consortium  is an organisation created by Tim Berners-Lee, in order to continue the development of the web, and its languages.
This is a list of pterosaurs'".
Deinonychus  was a dinosaur that was 4 feet  tall and 10 feet  long.
A Cheerleader is a person  who does cheerleading, or leads cheers.
The My Opera Community is an online community which provides support from the Opera Browser.
Permanent used as an adjective usually means that something is very hard to get rid of or destroy.
Linen is a material made from the fibers of the flax plant .
Hieroglyphs  are a type of writing.
Papyrus is a kind of paper that the Ancient Egyptians used for writing.
Raisins are dried grapes.
Tastebuds are small 'bumps' on the tongue.
Nectar, in botany, is a liquid made by the flowers of plants.
A hunting dog is any dog who helps humans in hunting.
Purebred dogs are dogs whose ancestors are all the same breed.
Mass Transit Railway or MTR  is the main rapid transit railway system in Hong Kong.
The Ribcage is a part of the skeleton of humans and some animals.
An interview is a conversation between two people where one of the people is trying to get information from the other person.
Athelstan (c.
"Firefly" is an American science fiction television series.
Canute  I, or Canute the Great  (ca.
Saint Henry II , called the Holy or the Saint, was the fifth and last Holy Roman Emperor of the Saxon or Ottonian dynasty.
SMTP or Simple Mail Transfer Protocol is a web-based mail protocol.
The Internet protocol suite, also called TCP/IP for "Transmission Control Protocol / Internet Protocol".
Conrad II (c.
Ottonian dynasty was a dynasty of kings of Germany, named after its first emperor Otto I the Great.
Ununbium is a chemical element.
Otto I the Great , son of Henry I the Fowler, king of the Germans, and Matilda of Ringelheim, was Duke of the Saxons, King of the Germans and Holy Roman Emperor.
The Tropic of Capricorn, or Southern tropic, is one of the five major circles of latitude of a map of the Earth.
Edward III  was one of the most successful English monarchs of the Middle Ages.
Wicked Sciences is an Australian television series.
James Harold Wilson, Baron Wilson of Rievaulx, KG, OBE, FRS, PC  was one of the most prominent British politicians of the 20th century.
The Labour Party has been, since its founding in the early 20th century, the principal political party of the left in the United Kingdom.
Cyperus papyrus  is a plant.
Georgia Institute of Technology is a university in Atlanta, Georgia.
A dissident is a person who does not agree with an opinion, policy, or structure.
Josiah was a child king of Judah.
Jehoahaz was a king of Judah.
The Antarctic Circle is one of the five major circles of latitude that mark maps of the Earth.
Toast is bread which has been put in a toaster.
A toaster is a machine which toasts bread.
Swiss cheese is a group of cheeses with holes in them.
Henry VI  was King of England from 1422 to 1461 and then from 1470 to 1471.
Saint-Fons is a French city next to Lyon.
Incidental music is music which has been written for a play.
A kayak is a small boat that is driven by manpower.
A canoe is a small boat, that is often driven by manpower, but also commonly sailed.
A paddle is a tool used for pushing against liquids, either as a form of propulsion in a boat or for mixing liquids.
The Mahdi/ Mehdi is the prophesied savior of humanity.
For ground propulsion the first instrument was the wheel.
An oar is a tool used for water-propulsion.
Drama is a type of literature.
A currant is a type of fruit.
The mast of a sailing ship is a tall vertical pole which supports the sails.
Juan Manuel Fangio  was a legendary race car driver.
The trunk is the main body of the tree.
Zizhiphus is a type of tree that grows fruit.
The Cayenne pepper is a type of Chili pepper.
Tsaagan was a raptor related to Rahonavis.
Edward II  of Caernarfon, was King of England from 1307 until he was removed from the throne in January, 1327.
Richard III  was an English king.
The Tampa Bay Rays are a Major League Baseball team that plays in St.
Flux of Pink Indians was political punk band.
Canadian Football League  is a professional sports league in Canada.
Shorts are a sort of trousers or pants worn by both men and women that reach only to the upper part of the legs or more, but don't cover the entire length of the leg.
A swimsuit , bathing suit , aqua jammies or swimming costume  is clothing designed to be worn for swimming.
Pangrams are sentences that have one or more of every letter in an alphabet.
Binary is a way to show whole numbers using only 1 and 0.
The Common Loon or Great Northern Diver is a bird.
Ziziphus mauritiana  is a type of fruit tree.
The azuki bean is a type of reddish-brown colored bean.
The Jalapeño is a type of pepper.
The gooseberry is a type of fruit.
The quince is a fruit that grows on small trees.
The Açaí palm  is a type of palm tree.
The Pomegranate  is a fruit.
A punt is a flat boat with a broad front, designed for use in small rivers or other shallow water.
A moat is a body of water around a castle to keep out bad people.
A filter is a website feature that removes some kinds of content.
Online means on the internet.
A snowman is a statue of a person made of snow.
Sand castles are castles made of sand and water.
A utility pole, telegraph pole, telephone pole, power pole, or telegraph post is a post or pole upon which telephone network equipment is situated.
If a person upstages another person it means that he or she makes an audience pay attention to him or her instead of to the other person.
A pylon is a tall steel lattice structure used to support overhead electricity conductors for electric power transmission.
"High School Musical" is a 2006 Disney television movie movie, starring Zac Efron, Vanessa Anne Hudgens, Ashley Tisdale, Corbin Bleu, Monique Coleman and Lucas Grabeel.
A Redcurrant  is a type of fruit.
Alex Trebek  is a Canadian-American television game show host.
A clementine is a type of citrus fruit.
An ugli is a type of citrus fruit.
Duralumin is an alloy made up of 90% aluminum, 4% copper, 0.5%-1% magnesium, and less than 1% manganese.
A mango is a type of fruit.
A shuttlecock is used in the sport badminton.
Janne Da Arc is a Japanese rock band.
The olive  is the fruit of the olive tree or "oliver".
Killamery is a village in Kilkenny, Ireland.
The German National Anthem  is written by Heinrich Hoffmann von Fallersleben on August 26, 1841.
A speed limit is a legal limit on how fast a person can make their road vehicle go.
Pure Pwnage is an Internet video series.
Nun is a woman who made a special vow  dedicating herself to a religious life.
The Formula One World Drivers' Championship  is given by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile  to the Formula One race car driver with the most points over a season.
Henry I the Fowler   was the duke of Saxony from 912 and king of the Germans from 919 until his death.
A propeller makes an aircraft, ship, or submarine in water or air go by making a big wind or a strong stream.
A fluid is a substance that can easily move and change shape such as water , or air , or plasmas.
A shelter is a place where someone or something is put in or goes to be kept safe or hidden.
Snowflakes are small ice crystals that fall from the sky, forming snow.
Zaiger's Genetics is an American company that breeds fruit trees.
The almond is a small tree in the family Rosaceae.
Prunus is a genus of plants in the family Rosaceae.
Yellow Avens is a type of flowering plant It is found in the warmer areas of North America, Asia and Europe.
A crabapple is a fruit.
Water Avens are a flowering plant.
An Ume is a type of Korean and Japanese plum of the family Rosaceae.
Filipendula is a family of 12 flowering plants in the family Rosaceae.
Mountain-mahogany is a family of 6 types of shrub.
Dryas or Mountain Avens is a type of flowering plant in the family Rosaceae.
Acaena is a group of shrubs.
The Yellow Rose of Texas  is a flower in the family Rosaceae.
The Ya pear or Chinese white pear is a type of pear.
Roseraie du Val-de-Marne is a garden of roses.
Monochrome comes from the two Greek words "mono"  and "chroma" .
  is the smallest musical interval used in Western music..
Vaud is a canton of Switzerland.
Malvern is a town in Worcestershire, England.
An airfoil  is the shape of a wing or blade  as seen in cross-section.
Silly Putty  is a silicone plastic "clay", sold as a toy for children by "Binney & Smith Inc.".
The maloidae is a subfamily plants in the rose family Rosaceae.
A Rowan is a type of fruit-bearing plant in the family Rosaceae.
Fragaria × vescana is a plant in the family Rosaceae.
.htaccess is a type of computer file for the Internet..htaccess files can be used to create custom error pages, or to prevent visitors from directly linking pictures, also known as hot-linking to their own sites, costing the website owner money.
A Butcher is person whose job is to prepare and sell meat.
Hot-linking is a term used on the Internet.
Mount Adams is the second-highest mountain in the Pacific Northwest of North America.
Dazaifu is a city in the Japanese prefecture of Fukuoka.
Nuclear power is the controlled use of nuclear energy.
Software Versioning is a way to tell the different states of Computer software apart.
Sympathy exists when the feelings or emotions of one person lead to similar feelings in another person so that they share feeling.
A puddle is a small mass of liquid, usually water, uncontained on a surface.
A beam is an element that carries load.
In music, an organ is a keyboard instrument which makes sound by forcing air through pipes.
Twins are two animal  offspring that are born from the same pregnancy.
A ceiling is an overhead interior surface of a room that conceals the underside of the floor or roof structure above.
A column in architecture is a vertical element that transmits the weight of the structure above to the structure below.
A keyboard instrument is an instrument that is played by pressing the keys of a keyboard.
The bow is the forward part of the hull of a ship or boat, the point that is most forward when the vessel is underway.
Elder or Elderberry is the name of a several similar types of shrubs.
Jambul or Jamun or Jamblang , Nava Pazham  is an evergreen tropical tree in the flowering plant family Myrtaceae, native to India and Indonesia.
A rambutan is a kind of fruit tree from southeast Asia.
A tangerine is a type of fruit.
Jackfruits are a type of fruit from India, Bangladesh  and Sri Lanka.
"Vaccinium arboreum"  is a species of Vaccinium native to south-eastern United States.
Vaccinium is a genus of plants.
A cantaloupe is a type of fruit.
"Smash" is one of The Offspring's most successful albums.
Ilama is a kind of fruit, and also the name of the tree that it grows on.
"The Offspring" is the debut album by the band of the same title.
Apples is a municipality in Switzerland.
is the largest city on the island of Kyushu, Japan.
Some simple finance ideas.
The Governor General of Canada is the person who represents Canada's Queen .
Noah's Ark, according to the Book of Genesis  in the Bible, was a ship that saved Noah and the other seven members of his family from the Great Flood.
Joseph Roland "Joe" Barbera  was an Italian American animator, cartoon artist, storyboard artist, director, producer, and co-founder, together with William Hanna, of Hanna-Barbera.
William Denby "Bill" Hanna  was an American animator, director, producer, cartoon artist, and co-founder with Joseph Barbera of Hanna-Barbera.
Hanna-Barbera was a company that made cartoons.
Australian English is the kind of English language used in Australia.
Spruce are trees of the genus "Picea", a genus of about 35 species of coniferous evergreen trees in the Family Pinaceae, found in the northern temperate and taiga regions of the earth.
A Christmas tree or Tannenbaum is one of the most popular traditions associated with the celebration of Christmas.
Cell division is the process by which a cell, called the parent cell, divides into two cells, called daughter cells.
Saparmurat Niyazov  was the first President of Turkmenistan.
In geography, temperate latitudes of the globe lie between the tropics and the polar circles.
The Lithuanian language is a Baltic language.
Depeche Mode are an English band.
Gingivitis is the inflammation of the gums around the teeth.
Taiga  is characterized by coniferous forests.
The conifers, also known as division Coniferae, are cone-bearing seed plants and woody plants, most are trees with just a few being shrubs.
In biology, binomial nomenclature is how species are called.
System ) is a group of related things, that work with each other.
The Valencia orange is an orange first made by the Californian agronomist William Wolfskill, on his farm in Santa Ana.
The papaya, also known as mamão, tree melon, fruta bomba, lechosa , or pawpaw is the fruit of the tree "Carica papaya", in the genus "Carica".
Flowering plants  are the most familiar form of land plants.
Amanda Joy "AJ" Michalka  is an American singer and actress from Torrance, California, USA.
Salmonberries are a type of fruit.
A grape tomato is a small, usually oblong tomato.
Adolf von Henselt , Silesia, October 10 1889 was a German pianist and composer.
The Cherry Tomato is a type of tomato that is a fruit.
A binary star is a pair of two stars which orbit around each other.
The Imperial units or the Imperial system is a collection of measurement units.
The imperial and U.S.
The stone is a unit of mass in the imperial system.
Maccabi Haifa F.
In physical geography, tundra is an area where the tree growth is hindered by low temperatures and short growing seasons.
The tree-line or timberline is the edge of the habitat at which trees can grow.
The lift force, lifting force or simply lift is the sum of all the forces on a body that force him to move upwards .
The tropics are the region of the Earth near to the equator and between the Tropic of Cancer in the northern hemisphere and the Tropic of Capricorn in the southern hemisphere.
Kilimanjaro , formerly Kaiser-Wilhelm-Spitze, is a mountain in northeastern Tanzania.
A tropical climate is a type of climate typical in the tropics.
Alpine tundra is a type of geological terrain.
A fumarole  is an opening in the crust of the Earth, often in the neighborhood of volcanoes, where steam and gases come out, for instance carbon dioxide, sulfur dioxide, hydrochloric acid, and hydrogen sulfide.
The Köppen climate classification is one of the most widely used climate classification systems.
Unkel is a city in the district of Neuwied, Rhineland-Palatinate, in the country of Germany.
A polar circle is either the Arctic Circle or the Antarctic Circle.
The Seine  is a major river of north-western France.
Walking is how people travel on foot.
The horizon  is the line that separates earth from sky.
An arid environment has a high deficit of rainfall or snow.
The Muon is an elementary particle.
Magnoliopsida or dicotyledons is the name of a class of plants in taxonomy.
Cardiopulmonary resuscitation  is emergency first aid given to a person who has had a heart attack cardiac arrest.
An airén is a type of white grape used to make wine.
Jean Sibelius  8 December 1865; died Järvenpää, 20 September 1957) was a Finnish composer.
The , abbreviated  or SS , was a large security and military organization of the National Socialist German Workers Party  in Germany.
Logarithms or logs are a part of mathematics.
William Penn  was an English colonial leader.
George Herman Ruth, Jr.
Korn  is a Grammy Award-winning band from Bakersfield, California.
Aspirin is a drug.
Víctor Jara  was a singer from Chile, South America.
World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc.
Scutellosaurus was a thyreophoran dinosaur from the Early Jurassic period.
The London Eye, also known as the Millennium Wheel is one of the largest observation wheels  in the world.
"Finlandia" is a symphonic poem by the Finnish composer Jean Sibelius.
Transpiration is the evaporation of water / loss of water from those parts of plants that are outside the earth, especially leaves but also stems, flowers and fruits.
In botany, a stoma  is a tiny opening or pore that is used for gas exchange.
Johann Georg Leopold Mozart  was a composer, music teacher and violinist.
Famine is a situation where there is not enough food for people to eat.
Frequency Modulation  is a way of broadcasting radio signals.
The Monty Hall problem is a puzzle.
An emergency telephone number is a telephone number that can be used to quickly contact emergency services for assistance.
Satellite cities are smaller cities that are next to a large city that is the center of a metropolitan area.
Shanty towns are small towns in the outskirts of many cities – especially in third world countries.
Pterodactyloidea is a suborder of pterosaurs.
Michael Praetorius  was a German composer, organist and music theorist.
The Denver Broncos are a American football team in the National Football League.
The Indianapolis Colts are a American football team in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Prometheus was a Titan in Greek mythology.
In music the pitch of a note means how high or low a note is.
A congregation is a group of people who have come together  for something, usually for religious worship.
Technique means the skill used to do something: it could be playing a musical instrument or playing a kind of sport or even doing something simple like using a corkscrew.
The Soursop also known as the Zuurzak is a type of fruit that grows on a tree.
A pond-apple is a type of fruit.
High and low are terms used to describe altitude.
A pore, in general, is some form of opening, usually very small.
Vegetation means the plant life of a region or the plant community.
Player Killing  is a part of online gaming with real people.
The sebaceous glands are glands found in the skin of mammals.
A microorganism or "microbe" is a living thing  that is too small to be visible to the human eye .
"Amoeba" or ameba is well-known as unicellular organism.
A laboratory  provides controlled conditions in which scientific research, experiments, and measurement may be performed.
"Last of the Conquerors" is a 1948 novel by African-American novelist William Gardner Smith.
id Software is an American video game company.
Pseudopods or pseudopodia  are a special way of amoebas to change their form to be able to move.
"Heretic" is a first-person shooter video game made by ID Software for computers.
In a general sense, locomotion simply means active movement or travel, not only of biological individuals.
A meerkat is a small mammal that lives in the Kalahari Desert in southern Africa.
Ferrara is a city in Northern Italy.
Modena is a city in Northern Italy.
"Worms" is a video game where the player controls little cartoon worms who fight with weapons.
"Diablo" is a fantasy role playing computer game.
Therizinosaurus  was a huge omnivorous theropod dinosaur from the end of the Cretaceous period.
The therizinosaurs were dinosaurs from the Late Cretaceous period..
Prunes are dried plums.
Aamras is the pulp of mangos that is usually eaten in India.
"Hexen" is a first person shooter video game.
"Ratchet & Clank" is a series of video games.
Diablo II is a fantasy action Role-playing computer game.
King Edward the Martyr or Eadweard II (c.
"Angel" is a spin-off from the American television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer".
Corfe Castle is a small village and ruined castle  dating back to the 11th century, situated in a gap in the Purbeck Hills, five miles south of Wareham, in Dorset, England.
The stirrup is a ring with a flat bottom fixed on a leather strap, usually hung from each side of a saddle to create a footrest for the rider on a riding animal , suspended by an adjustable strap from the saddle for use as a support for the foot of a rider of a horse when seated in the saddle and as an aid in getting up.
Ultrasauros  was an invalid discovery of a sauropod dinosaur.
Ultrasaurus  was an extremely huge sauropod dinosaur.
is a commune in Vaud canton Switzerland.
A relic is an object, especially a piece of the body or a personal item of someone of religious importance, that was carefully preserved with an air of veneration as a memorial that you can touch.
Sir John Major  KG, CH is a British politician who was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1990 to 1997.
A canon is a piece of music in which two or more voices  sing or play the same music starting at different times.
Spencer Perceval  was a British statesman and Prime Minister.
“Canon” comes from a Latin word meaning “rule” or “law”.
Carolus Linnaeus  was a Swedish botanist, physician and zoologist who created Binomial nomenclature.
Botanists are scientists who study plants, flowers, and plant-like things such as moss and seaweed.
Modulation, in music, means that the music changes key.
When a piece of music is in a major key, the relative minor means the minor key which has the same key signature.
Electrolysis is a scientific way of "splitting" substances.
The Jurassic period is one of the periods of the geological time scale.
The Triassic period is one of the periods of the geological time scale.
A chromatic scale is a musical scale which uses every note as it goes up or down i.e.
Nelson Aldrich Rockefeller  was an American politician and businessman.
A pillar is another word for a column, which is a vertical support structure in architecture.
A bier is a flat frame, traditionally wooden but sometimes made of other materials, used to carry a corpse for burial in a funeral procession.
A coffin  is a funerary box used in the display and containment of deceased remains -- either for burial or after cremation.
Agent Orange is a very powerful herbicide that was used in the Vietnam War.
Naruto  is a anime  made by Masashi Kishimoto.
"Mobster" is a slang term for someone who is part of the mafia or a mafia-like group.
Sergio Leone  was an Italian film director.
Ban Ki-moon  is a South Korean former politician.
An Italian American is an American of Italian descent.
This is a list of articles in the canton of Vaud Switzerland.
Samuel Anthony Alito, Jr.
A House of Representives is a part of some legislatures, which are law-making bodies.
Abigail Johnson  is an American businessperson.
William Wrigley Jr.
Daniel Constantine Marino, Jr.
Joseph Clifford Montana, Jr.
A Hall of Fame is a type of museum for awards in certain areas where awards can be given, for example sport, art, theatre, music, agriculture, military and many more areas.
"Once Upon a Time in America" is a 1984 movie directed by Sergio Leone and starring Robert De Niro and James Woods as Jewish gangsters.
Liu-bo is an Italian martial art.
is a female Japanese voice actor from Tokyo, Japan.
Edward the Elder (c.
Aelfweard  was briefly King of Wessex following the death of his father, Edward the Elder.
Edmund I , called the Elder, the Deed-Doer or the Magnificent, was King of England from 939 until his death.
A beak is the nose and mouth of a bird or octopus.
Coral is a group of many similar types of very small animals that live in the ocean.
Lenny Loosejocks is a Australian fictional character.
Sweyn I, or Sweyn Forkbeard, , was King of Denmark from about 985 - February 2, 1014 and King of England from December 25 1013 - February 2, 1014.
Blue Line International is an international maritime company.
Split Tours is a Croatian ship travel company.
Flainval is a town in France.
Dombasle-sur-Meurthe is a town in France.
Saint-Nicolas-de-Port is a town in France.
A footballer is a person that plays football.
Frederick Bean "Fred/Tex" Avery  was an American animator, cartoonist, and director.
Edgar the Atheling c.
The McIntosh is a type of apple.
There are 400 municipalities in the canton of Bern , Switzerland.
King Edgar or Eadgar I  was the younger son of King Edmund I of England.
Mozilla Thunderbird is a free cross-platform e-mail client and news reader developed by the Mozilla Foundation.
Here is a list of state mottos for the states of the United States.
Sauropsids are a diverse group of vertebrate animals.
The conservation status of a species is an indicator of the likelihood of that species continuing to survive either in the present day or the future.
The person then makes some theories.
Here is a list of U.S.
In mathematics a geodesic is a curve with the shortest length between two places on a surface.
Anarcho-syndicalism is a form of anarchism.
Trotskyism is the form of Communism that is based on the ideas of Leon Trotsky.
"A Fistful of Dollars"  is a Spaghetti Western movie directed by Sergio Leone and starring Clint Eastwood.
"For a Few Dollars More"  is a Spaghetti Western movie directed by Sergio Leone and starring Clint Eastwood.
"The Good, the Bad and the Ugly"  is a Spaghetti Western movie directed by Sergio Leone and starring Clint Eastwood.
Ennio Morricone  is an Italian classical composer famous for making film scores.
XTC is an English new wave band from Swindon, England.
Roh Moo-Hyun is a former President of South Korea.
Kim Tae Jung  was a South Korean president.
Kim Young-sam  was the President of the South Korea from February 25, 1993 to February 25, 1998.
Roh Tae-woo , is the sixth President of South Korea .
Chun Doo-hwan  was a Korean military officer and the President of South Korea from 1980 to 1988.
Choi Kyu-hah   was the President of South Korea between 1979 and 1980.
Pak Chŏng Hŭi   was the president of Republic of Korea from 1961 to 1979.
Yun Bo-seon  was the President of South Korea from 1960 to 1962.
Syngman Rhee or Lee Seungman or Yee Sung-man  was the first president of South Korea.
Psychonauts is a video game created by Double Fine for the Xbox, Playstation 2, and PC about psychics called Psychonauts.
Sum 41  is a Canadian pop punk band from Ajax, Ontario.
Canonization means declaring someone to be a saint.
Dunstan  was an Archbishop of Canterbury  who was later canonized as a saint.
Ramananda Prasad  is the founder of the International Gita Society.
Kamala Nehru Park is a park in India.
Stronghold means castle or any other strongly fortified place.
Weimar  is a community in the German state of Hesse.
A Lord  is a person who has power and authority.
An interval in music means the distance between two notes .
Modes in music are a kind of scale.
Sharp means that something can cut easily.
Lucuma fruits are found in Peru.
Southwest Asia or Western Asia is the part of Asia that includes the Middle East.
"Jane Eyre" is a book written by Charlotte Brontë.
Gifhorn is a city in the German state of Lower Saxony.
Fortifications are military constructions and buildings designed for defense during war.
Neurosurgery is the surgical discipline that focuses on treatment of the central and peripheral nervous system diseases that are treatable with mechanical intervention.
Conjoined twins are twins whose bodies are joined together at birth.
The President of the United States is the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces.
The xiao is a Chinese musical instrument.
Michael Diamond, better known as Mike D , is an American rapper.
A defensive wall is a fortification used to defend a city from potential aggressors.
Autolycus of Pitane (ca.
Hadrian's Wall  is a stone and sod fortification built by the Roman Empire in northern England to prevent military attacks by the Scottish tribes.
The Brigantes were a British Celtic tribe who lived between the rivers Tyne and Humber.
Kinship is the most basic principle of organizing individuals into social groups, roles, and categories.
Thierry Henry  is a French football player .
Attack is the threat to violate or destroy something.
Suwałki is a city in northern Poland in voivodship of Podlaskie.
A charge is an action in battle in which soldiers advance towards their enemy at their best speed to engage in close combat.
Combat, or fighting, is purposeful violent conflict between two or more persons or organizations, often intended to establish dominance over the opponent.
Crataegus  is a large genus of shrubs in the family Rosaceae.
Honeysuckles are types of shrubs or vines in the family Caprifoliaceae.
Interpersonal relationships are social associations, connections, or affiliations between two or more people.
An intimate relationship is an interpersonal relationship with a great deal of intimacy.
Intimacy is linked with feelings of closeness among partners in a relationship.
Seaborgium is a chemical element.
A fireworks event  is a spectacular display of the effects created by firework devices on various occasions.
The "Voyager 1" spacecraft is an 815-kilogram unmanned probe of the outer solar system and beyond, launched September 5, 1977, and is currently operational, making it NASA's longest-lasting mission.
Rose hips  are the fruit of the rose plant.
Martin Luciano Scorsese  is an American film director.
Chabad-Lubavitch is the name of a sect of Hasidic Jews.
Liese Prokop  was an Austrian athlete and politician.
The Austrian People's Party  is one of the biggest parties in Austria.
The Social Democratic Party of Austria ) is one of the oldest political parties in Austria.
Mińsk Mazowiecki  is a town in Poland.
Rosales is an order of flowering plants.
A firework is an explosive pyrotechnic device that is used mostly for entertainment.
Pyrotechnics is often thought to be synonymous with the manufacture of fireworks, but it includes also items for military and industrial uses.
The Tamagotchi is a handheld electronic toy pet.
Real Club Recreativo de Huelva is a Spanish football team.
"Yu-Gi-Oh!" is the title of the first anime series based on the "Yu-Gi-Oh!" manga.
Factors of production are means necessary for the production of goods and services in economics.
In economics and marketing, a service is a good that is non-material.
Musical theater  is a kind of performance in a theater.
In business and accounting, an asset is an economic resource that can be controlled by somebody .
The Social Democratic Party of Germany  is the oldest political party of Germany that still exists.
A pension is a steady income given to someone.
For role in the sense of the performing arts see: Role  A role  or a social role can be described as an expected behaviour of an individual.
Aeneas was a Trojan prince and hero.
A palace is a place where a grand and imposing building that is the official residence of a king or queen, a head of state such as a president, or a high-ranking aristocrat or church dignitary.
Hasidic Judaism is a Jewish religious movement that was started by Rabbi Israel ben Eliezer, the Baal Shem Tov.
Lissa Explains it All is a website.
The Aeneis  is an epic written by Vergil between 29 and 19 BC.
Quincy, Illinois is a city in the state of Illinois in the United States.
A bunk bed is a stack of two or more beds.
A cupboard, also known as a cabinet, is a piece of furniture used for storage.
The Great Chilean Earthquake or Valdivian Earthquake is the most powerful earthquake ever recorded.
A photographer is a person who takes pictures, or "photographs" with a camera.
Spiro Theodore Agnew  was the 39th Vice President of the United States.
In finance, a share is a unit of account for various financial instruments including stocks, mutual funds, limited partnerships, and REIT's.
In financial markets, stock is the capital that a firm gets by giving out and distributing of shares.
A stock is a share of ownership in a company.
The bilberry is a type of shrub that grows close to the ground.
Capital has a number of related meanings in economics, finance and accounting.
"Rubus" is a genus of plant in the family Rosaceae.
Felix Christian Klein  was a German mathematician.
In economics, land means all natural resources that cannot be produced in a larger quantity if prices go up, such as geographical locations and mineral deposits.
Alyssa "Lissa" Daniels is an American web designer.
In music, a part is a line of music which is played by one player or group of players .
Videocassette recorder  is an electronic device that plays VHS or Beta tapes that contain recordings of movies and other programs .
A DVD player is a device that plays DVDs, or "digital video disks".
In classical economics and all microeconomics labour  is a measure of the work done by human beings and is one of three factors of production, the others being land and capital.
Unison is a word meaning “one sound”.
Zachary Braff  is an American television and movie actor, director, screenwriter and producer.
"Scrubs" is an American situational comedy or "sitcom".
A flashback is a technique used by writers.
Widescreen is a video format often used in movies.
Marketing is the method to get as many customers as possible.
Kirkkonummi  is a city in Finland.
Storage means the "act of keeping things" and the "place" where you keep them.
A safety match is a small device to make fire safely.
Publishing is making information available for public view.
The Song Dynasty ruled in China from 960-1279.
The Great Red Spot is a hurricane on the surface of the planet Jupiter.
Bipolar disorder is a term from psychiatry.
The Left Party.PDS  was a left-winged political party in Germany.
"Laptop" is a computer which is easy to carry around.
A notebook is a collection of sheets of paper, bound as a book or leaflet.
Inuyasha is an anime which was based on a manga made by Rumiko Takahashi.
Kurt Schumacher  was a German politician.
The Free Democratic Party or Freie Demokratische Partei, short FDP  is a political party in Germany.
Alliance '90/The Greens  is a political party in Germany.
The Christian Social Union of Bavaria or Christlich Soziale Union  is a conservative political party in the German state of Bavaria.
The Christian Democratic Union of Germany or "Christlich Demokratische Union Deutschlands " is one of the two main right of centre political parties in Germany.
Income is the money that someone gets for business activities.
The Theory of Computation is a branch of Mathematics.
Jermaine LaJaune Jackson, now Muhammad Abdul Aziz , is an American singer and bass guitarist.
Wilhelm Hauff  was a German poet and novelist.
A link, also called a Gunter’s link, is a unit of length in the imperial and US systems.
In mathematics an algebraic structure is a set with one, two or more binary operations on it.
A rod, a perch or a pole is a unit of length in the imperial and US systems.
A chain is a unit of length.
A furlong is a measure of distance in imperial and U.S.
Stefan Zweig  was an Austrian writer.
The Leeward Islands are part of the Society Islands in French Polynesia.
Complexity theory is a branch of Computer science.
In mathematics, a binary operation in a set is a way of combinate a pair of elements in that set.
Kubuntu is a version of the free Linux distribution Ubuntu.
Xubuntu is a free Linux distribution based on Ubuntu.
Edubuntu is the version of Linux distribution Ubuntu.
"Dissociative Identity Disorder"  is a diagnosis of a mental condition.
The zucchini  is a type of vegetable.
A civil servant or public servant is an employee who works in the civilian career public sector for a government department or agency.
An employee is a term for workers and managers working for a company or an organisation.
An employer is a person or institution that hires employees or workers.
The public sector is the part of economic and administrative life that deals with the delivery of goods and services by and for the government, whether national, regional or local/municipal.
The word "administration" means "giving service" or to give a definition it can be understood as the process of organizing people and resources so to direct activities toward common goals.
Kingdom Hearts II is a video game for the Playstation 2.
"Mithril" is a fictional metal from J.
Shaw and Crompton is a town in the North West of England.
Greater Manchester is a county in the North West of England.
A league is an old unit of length.
The gill  is a unit for measuring volume.
A quart is a unit of measurement for volume.
The ampere or amp  is the standard unit of electric current.
The newton  is the SI unit of force.
A corporation is a union of natural persons that has its own legal status that is independent from the persons involved.
In jurisprudence, a natural person is a real human being in contrast to an artificial person, that means an organization that the law treats for some purposes as if it were a person distinct from its members or owner.
Modern jurisprudence and philosophy of law is dominated today primarily by Western academics.
A legal entity is a legal construct through which the law allows a group of natural persons to act as if they were a single person for certain purposes.
Ownership means exclusive possession or control of property, which may be an object, real estate, intellectual property or some other kind of property.
Possession means to have some sort of control over something else.
In Scotland the officers of arms maintain the old job of a herald - passing on royal messages.
Personal property means property that consists of object that can be moved from one place to another.
The common law is a kind of legal system.
Non-statutory law bases on the sources of law other than statutory law.
Statutory law is written law  set down by a legislature or other governing authority such as the executive branch of government in response to a need to clarify the functioning of government, improve civil order, answer a public need, to codify existing law, or for an individual or company to obtain special treatment.
An oral law are rules of human behavior in use in a given culture, religion or other groupe, which is transmitted by oral tradition and respected, or a single rule that is orally transmitted.
Oral tradition or oral culture is a way of transmitting history, literature or law from one generation to the next in a civilization without a writing system.
The Royal Canadian Air Cadets is a program for Canadian youth.
In law, a precedent or authority is a legal case that established a principle or rule that a court may need to adopt when deciding subsequent cases with similar issues or facts.
A legal case is a dispute between two parties that is resolved by a court or other legal process.
Nasal hair, Nose hair or olfactory cilia are small hair-like cells.
The Sears Tower is a skyscraper in Chicago, Illinois.
Beetles are a kind of insect.
John IX was pope from 898 to 900.
Houston Steward Chamberlain  was a writer of books.
Joseph Arthur Comte de Gobineau  was a French aristocrat.
A staff  is the name given to the five horizontal lines on which we can write music.
The Colorado potato beetle is called "Leptinotarsa decemlineata" by biologists.
The Phalangids , or Opiliones, or Harvestmen are eight-legged invertebrates.
The Shikon no Tama  is the fictional magic jewel in the anime and manga series InuYasha.
The Daddy-Long-Legs Spider  is a spider of the family Pholcidae.
Crane flies are a type of fly in the family Tipulidae.
Arthur Neville Chamberlain,  was a politician, Lord Mayor of Birmingham, Chancellor of the Exchequer and British Prime Minister from 1937 to 1940.
A quadratic equation is an equation in the form of formula_1, where a is not equal to 0.
The Association pour la Taxation des Transactions pour l'Aide aux Citoyens  is an organization that promotes a tax on foreign exchange transactions, the so-called Tobin tax.
A threat is a declaration of intention to inflict punishment or harm on another.
Promotion means spreading information about an issue.
Issue may have one of the following special meanings.
An issue in context with debate or controversy means a point on which the parties take affirmative and negative positions or a presentation of alternatives between which to choose or decide.An issue or debate always has two sides.
Lampyrideae is a family of beetles.
Phengodidae is a family of beetles.
Arachnocampa is a family of flies.
Rumiko Takahashi（高橋留美子）is a Japanese manga artist.
Debate  or debating  is a formal method of argument.
In natural language and in cognitive decision-making, alternative is one of two things//actions which can be chosen.
, born Gô Peh-hok  in Taiwanese  was the founder and chairman of Nissin Food Products Co., Ltd., and the inventor of the modern instant noodle, ramen.
Logical disjunction is a concept from Logic.
A demon or daemon is a bad or powerful being in many world religions.
The Central Bank bombing was one of the deadliest terrorist attacks of the civil war in Sri Lanka between the government and the Tamil militant LTTE group.
A ledger line is a short line used to write notes which would otherwise be too high or too low for the staff.
A clef is a sign at the beginning of a staff of music which makes it possible for the player to work out what the notes are.
A Tobin tax is a tax on all trade of currency across borders.
Visoko is historic town in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Speculation has a special meaning when talking about money.
A quarterback  is a position in American and Canadian football.
An arrest is a procedure by which a person who is thought to have broken the law is taken away into jail so that they can be placed on trial.
Jos Oehlen, is a Dutch sculptor.
James Tobin  was an American economist.
The Bretton Woods system was the first system used to control the value of money between different countries.
Sunflowers Interactive Entertainment Software is a German company that develops and publishes video games.
Anti-globalization is used for people and groups who oppose certain aspects of globalization in its present form.
Simon Peyton Jones  born in South Africa and is a British computer scientist.
The Zambezi River is the fourth largest river in Africa.
In logic, the truth value of a logical statement says how much it is true.
A charitable organization is an organization that supports a cause by fundraising or through donations.
Southwest or south west is the direction halfway between south and west.
Boris Nikolayevich Yeltsin    was the first President of Russia.
A Treasurer is someone who looks after the money in a club, company, organisation or government.
Yorkshire is a historic county in England.
A pixel  is a single point in a picture.
Olomouc  is the fifth largest city in the Czech Republic.
An astronomical clock is a big clock in a building.
A hereditary disease is a disease which can be passed down through generations of the same family.
Theobroma is a genus.
Cupuaçu , also spelled Cupuassu and Copoasu, is a tropical rainforest tree related to Cacao.
Linear search or sequential search is an algorithm to find an item in a list.
Rosé wine is a kind of wine.
In programming languages, an array is a way of storing several items .
In music a Tierce de Picardie  is a major chord at the end of a piece of music in a minor key.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau,  was a famous French speaking philosopher.
Theodoric the Great , known to the Romans as Flavius Theodoricus, was king of the Ostrogoths , ruler of Italy , and regent of the Visigoths .
Pumpkin Studios was a company that created computer and video games.
Lublin is a city in eastern Poland in voivodship Lublin.
Real-time strategy  is a genre of computer and video games.
Raw materials are materials that have not been processed.
Pasta is a food made from starch and water.
Flour is grains that have been dried and ground into powder.
The Boston Tea Party was a violent protest by American colonists against King George III's rule in America.
A cookie is a sweet dessert made from flour.
Chocolate chips are small pieces of chocolate.
Encephalopathy means disease of the brain.
Guru Nanak Dev  was the founder of Sikhism, and the first of the ten Sikh Gurus.
The Etruscan civilization was a culture in ancient Italy.
The Sea of Japan  is a sea in the western Pacific Ocean.
Natural environment means all living and non-living things that are naturally on Earth.
Natural capital is a metaphor for the mineral, plant, and animal formations of the Earth's biosphere when viewed as a means of production of oxygen, water filter, erosion preventer, or provider of other ecosystem services.
Parkhead is a suburb in the east end of Glasgow, Scotland.
Oswaldtwistle is a town near Blackburn.
Prevention means action to make sure that something does not happen.
A lawn is an area of land planted with grass, and sometimes clover and other plants, which are maintained at a low, even height.
Sod is turf and the part of the soil beneath it held together by the roots, or a piece of this material.
Marie Skłodowska–Curie  was a physicist and chemist from Polish but lived in France.
A flyover is a trick that people do with planes or helicopters.
The Blue Angels are a group of special pilots who work for the US Navy.
A stuntman is a man or a woman who works in the television or movie production industry.
Means of production , also called means of labour are the materials, tools and other instruments used by workers to make products.
To look at the way in which ecosystems provide goods is popular now at Stanford University.
The Year 2000 problem  was a problem that happened because of the way in which some early computer programs were designed.
Biodiversity or biological diversity is the variation of different life forms within a given ecosystem or for the entire Earth.
Aberdeen is a city in the American state of Washington.
Julián Padrón  was a Venezuelan writer.
Peter William Ham  was a Welsh singer, songwriter and guitarist, best known as the prominent songwriter and singer of the 1970s group Badfinger.
Egalitarianism is the belief that groups are, or should be, equal to one another.
The English Wikipedia is the English language edition of the Wikipedia encyclopedia and the first language of it.
In law, jurisdiction  is the authority given to a judge to take decisions in matters concerning the law.
Vacheron Constantin is a Swiss watch manufacture.
A casino is a place where people can play gambling games to try to win money.
Thermoplastic represents a material which becomes soft when heated and hard when cooled.
Peter Doherty  is an English musician.
Polycarbonate is transparent thermoplastic.
A natural disaster is the consequence of the combination of a natural hazard  and human activities.
Ibanez is company that makes guitars.
A landslide includes a wide range of ground movement, such as rock falls, deep failure of slopes and shallow debris flows.
The decade as a whole.
Americium is a chemical element.
Ramón "Raymond" Ayala or Daddy Yankee  is a Puerto Rican reggaeton singer.
The Phoenix Suns are a basketball team that plays in the National Basketball Association .
Debris in a general sense means man-made garbage.
Waste heat is the by-product heat of machines and technical processes for which no useful application is found.
Kingda Ka is a steel roller coaster at Six Flags Great Adventure in Jackson, New Jersey, USA.
Vulnerability means the extent to which changes can hurt or harm a person or a system.
Harm is physical or psychological or emotional damage or injury to a person, animal or other entity.
Liquid crystal display is a type of monitor based on the liquid crystal technology.
Body language means the way humans show their feelings  with their bodies.
Plagiarism is copying another person's ideas, words or writing and pretending that they are one's own work.
A riksha or rickshaw is a kind of vehicle that has two wheels.
Water content means the amount of water a porous medium contains.
Soil moisture is the amount of water present in the soil.
Milo Anthony Ventimiglia  is an American actor.
Black metal is a style of metal music that started in the early 1980s.
Darkness is when there is no light.
Desmond "Des" Bernard O'Connor  is an English television presenter and singer.
Antonio "Tony" Ramiro Romo  is an American football quarterback who plays for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League.
Guster is an alternative rock band from America.
Carmelo Kiyan Anthony is an American basketball player for the Denver Nuggets.
The Dallas Mavericks are an American basketball team from Dallas, Texas.
Walter Payton  was an American football player.
Christopher Benfey  is an American writer.
Across can mean "on the opposite side of" or "from one side to another" .
Harthacanute   was King of Denmark from 1035 to 1042 and England from 1040 to 1042.
Harold Harefoot, also Harold I'", ("c".
The English Interregnum was the period of parliamentary and military rule in the land occupied by modern-day England and Wales after the English Civil War.
An interregnum is a period between monarchs, between popes of the Roman Catholic Church, emperors of Holy Roman Empire, Polish kings  or between consuls of the Roman Republic.
Oliver Cromwell  was an English military and political leader best known for making England a republic and leading the Commonwealth of England.
"The Incredibles" is a animated movie.
The English Restoration, or simply Restoration, was an episode in the history of England beginning in 1660 when the English monarchy, Scottish monarchy and Irish monarchy was restored under King Charles II after the English Civil War.
The Commonwealth of England was the republican government which ruled first England and then Ireland and Scotland from 1649 to 1660.
A declaration of independence is a proclamation of the independence of an aspiring state or states.
Presbyterianism is a kind of Protestant Christianity.
A declaration of war is a formal declaration issued by a national government indicating that a state of war exists between that nation, and one or more others.
The Cyrillic alphabet was invented by Greek monks named Kyrillos  and Methodios in the 9th century.
Silent Spring is the name of a book by Rachel Carson.
In science a nymph is the young of some kinds of insects.
Complete metamorphosis are words used to tell about how some insects grow.
Saab is a Swedish car and airplane maker, found in Trollhättan, Sweden in 1937.
In British history, the Protectorate was the period 1653–59 during which the Commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland was governed by a Lord Protector.
The Rump Parliament was the name until 1660 of the English Parliament that followed the Long Parliament, after Pride's Purge of December 6 1648 had removed those Members of Parliament that were against the plan to try King Charles I for high treason.
A vibrator is a device that is made to vibrate against the body , thereby stimulating the nerves and giving a pleasurable and possibly erotic feeling.
Michael Owen  is the forward for Newcastle United F.C.
England is the largest of the countries that today make up the United Kingdom.
Anglo-Saxon means usually the culturally and linguistically similar peoples living in the south and east of the island Great Britain  from around the mid-5th century AD to the Norman conquest of 1066.
The Norman conquest of England was a military invasion of England in 1066.
A raid is an attack into enemy territory with no intent to gain or hold terrain.
Following the fall from power of Napoleon Bonaparte, .
The English Reformation was part of a process and movement of thought, referred to as the Protestant Reformation, which led to the breaking away of a number of Christian churches in Europe from communion with Rome.
Gianluigi "Gigi" Buffon  is an Italian football player.
A checksum is a number.
Fennel is a kind of herb.
DisneyToon Studios is an animation studio created by The Walt Disney Company.
The National Front for the Liberation of South Vietnam , was a communist army based in South Vietnam that fought against the governments of South Vietnam and the United States during the Vietnam War .
The NATO phonetic alphabet is a way of using words to replace letters.
Super Mario Bros.
"Barbarian" is a pejorative word for an uncivilized, uncultured person.
Numerical digits are what numerals are made of.
A word or phrase is pejorative if it has a Context of contempt or disapproval.
Contempt is an intense feeling of disrespect and dislike.
Evanescence is a band.
The Parliament of England was the legislature of the Kingdom of England.
The Bill of Rights is the name for the first 10 amendments to the United States Constitution, which limited the power of the federal government and guaranteed citizens of the United States certain rights.
Paula Jane Radcliffe MBE  is an English athlete with the world record in women's marathon.
James Ramsay MacDonald  was a British politician and Prime Minister of the United Kingdom three times.
The 22nd century of the anno Domini  era is the century that starts with the year 2101 and end with 2200 of the Gregorian calendar.
Human migration means any movement by humans from one locality to another , often over long distances or in large groups.
In medicine, malignant is a clinical term that is used to describe an illness that quickly kills the patient.
In constitutional law, Advice is formal, usually binding instruction given by a constitutional officer of state to another.
Laney Amplification is a company from Great Britain that makes guitar and bass guitar amplifiers.
Council in general means a body that has the right to give advice or to administer.
Jackie Chan Hiu-ki , also known as Kellyjackie , is a Hong Kong citizen who enjoys singing as a hobby.
The European Parliament  is the parliament of the European Union .
The Council of the European Union is one of the three organisations that manage the European Union.
The European Commission  is one of the five organisations that manage the European Union .
Deep Ng  is a Hong Kong singer and actor of the Emperor Entertainment Group.
Needle aspiration biopsy , also known as fine needle aspiration cytology , fine needle aspiration biopsy  and fine needle aspiration , is a medical procedure performed to diagnose certain kinds of medical conditions, such as lumps in the neck.
Ultrasound is a type of sound with a frequency bigger than humans can hear.
Oncology is the medical sub-speciality that deals with the study and treatment of cancer.
Data migration is a term computer scientists and economists use when they speak about moving data from one location to another.
The Green Bay Packers are a American football team in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
A Video arcade  is a place where people can play video games, usually for money.
An ice age is a period when for a long time the temperature of Earth's climate is very low.
The Saxons or Saxon people are  part of the German people with its main areas of settlements in the German States of Schleswig-Holstein, Lower Saxony, Westphalia, and the northeastern part of the Netherlands .
Białystok is a city in northern Poland in voivodship of Podlaskie.
Gdynia is a city in northern Poland in Pomerania voivodship.
Sosnowiec  is a city in Poland in Sielsia voivodship.
Mould or mold is a type of tiny fungus.
David James  is a professional footballer currently playing as a goalkeeper for Portsmouth F.C..
Martin Adams  is an English professional darts player.
A heterotroph other and "trophe" = nutrition) is an organism that requires organic substrates to get its carbon for growth and development.
The Pittsburgh Steelers is an American Football club of the National Football League located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Alice Cooper  is an American rock musician and singer.
A diagram is a simplified and structured visual representation of concepts, ideas, constructions, relations, statistical data, anatomy etc used in all aspects of human activities to visualize and clarify the topic.
Radom is a city in Poland in Masovia voivodship.
Kielce is a city in Poland in Świętokrzyskie voivodship.
Toruń is a city in Poland in Kuyavia-Pomerania voivodship.
Zabrze is a city in Poland in the Silesian Voivodeship.
Bytom is a city in Poland in Sielsia voivodship.
Gorzów Wielkopolski is a city in Poland in Lubusz voivodship.
Zielona Góra is a city in Poland in Lubusz voivodship.
Opole is a city in Poland in Opole voivodship.
The Jutes were a Germanic people who are believed to have come from Jutland  in modern Denmark inclusive Southern Schleswig in Northern Germany and part of the Frisian coast.
Grindcore is a type of heavy metal and hardcore punk music.
Lorette is a town in France.
Cannibal Corpse is an American Death metal band.
La Cappe is a town in France.
La Grand-Croix is a town in France.
Saint-Paul-en-Jarez is a town in France.
Saint-Chamond is a town in France.
Guayana Esequiba is the name that Venezuela calls a region that it claims in the west of Guyana.
Sudeley Castle was mainly built in 1441 by Ralph Boteler, who had the castle confiscated by Edward IV of England.
"The Godfather trilogy" refers to the three mafia movies directed by Francis Ford Coppola about the fictional Corleone crime family; .
"Without You" is a song written by musicians Peter Ham and Tom Evans, which has become a standard since it was first recorded in 1970.
Apple Records was a record label started by The Beatles, which was active from 1968 until 1975.
The Germanic peoples are a linguistic and ethnic branch of Indo-European peoples.
May  Pang  was a personal assistant to former Beatle John Lennon and his wife Yoko Ono.
Indo-Europeans are speakers of Indo-European languages.
Urban area is a word from geography.
Mary Hopkin  is a Welsh pop singer, who was most famous in the late 1960s and early 1970s.
The Champs-Elysées is a big and very famous street in Paris.
Thomas 'Tom' Evans  was an English guitarist and songwriter, who had several hit records as a member of Badfinger, during the late 1960s and early 1970s.
Stephen Euin Cobb  is an American science fiction author and the host of the award-winning podcast "The Future And You".
Solon was a Greek statesman.
Saint-Jean-Bonnefonds is a village in France near Saint-Paul-en-Jarez and Saint-Priest-en-Jarez.
Saint-Priest-en-Jarez is a town in France near Saint-Jean-Bonnefonds and Villars.
Villars is a small village in France near Saint-Priest-en-Jarez and Logron.
Logron is a village in France near Villars and Flacey.
Flacey is a village in France near Logron and Brognon.
A diet is some form of assembly.
An omelette or "omelet" is a type of food that is mainly eggs, with various fillings.
A visa is a permit given by a country that allows someone to go to that country.
Andranik Toros Ozanian, or Zoravar Andranik,  was an Armenian military general and freedom fighter.
The Angles were a Germanic people of unknown origin.
Modern Angeln, , is a peninsula in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
A commonwealth is a group of people or of groups with a common aim to improve themselves, help each other and share knowledge and resources.
The Frisians are an ethnic group of northwestern Europe, inhabiting an area known as Frisia.
Alba Iulia  is a city in Alba County, Transylvania, Romania.
Vampire bats is a subfamily of bats.
Prehistoric Britain was a period in the human occupation of Great Britain that ended with the Roman invasion of Britain in AD 43.
"Domesday Book" , was written between 1085 and 1086.
The name LD50 comes from toxicology, the study of poisons.
The Dahlerau train disaster was a railway disaster that happened on May 27, 1971.
Walter Edward Guinness, 1st Baron Moyne  was a British politician.
Modern Talking was a German singing group.
The 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, also called the Sumatra-Andaman earthquake, was a great underwater earthquake.
Taiwan  was first populated by native Taiwanese people.
Katana is a Japanese long sword used mainly by samurai warriors.
According to the 2001 census it had a usual population of 162.
Peter Lorre  Löwenstein, June 26, 1904 – March 23, 1964) is a Hungarian-American actor.
The history of Tamil Nadu goes back to early stone age, since the region of Tamil Nadu  has been under continuous human habitation since prehistoric times.
Clarence Leonidas Fender , also known as Leo Fender, was an American instrument maker.
Frets are thin metal strips which are used on several stringed musical instruments, such as the guitar, the electric guitar, the bass guitar, the mandolin, and the banjo.
The word amplifier usually refers to an electronic amplifier.
Ruda Śląska is a city in Poland in Silesia voivodship.
Rybnik is a city in Poland in Sielsia voivodship.
Tychy is a city in Poland in Silesia voivodship.
Dąbrowa Górnicza is a city in Poland in Silesia voivodship.
Płock is a city in nestled in Eastern Poland in the Masovia Voivodship.
A loudspeaker, which is also called a speaker, is a device that is used to create the sound in radios, television sets, and electric musical instrument amplifier systems.
Chorzów is a city in Poland in Silesia voivodship.
Wałbrzych  is a town in southwestern Poland situated in the Lower Silesian Voivodeship.
An organ trio is a type of jazz band with three musicians.
Hegemony  is the dominance of one group over other groups that, for instance, the dominant party can dictate the terms of trade to its advantage.
Leonard James Callaghan, , was Labour Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1976 to 1979.
General Fulgencio Batista y Zaldívar  was the military leader of Cuba from 1933 to 1940."De jure" he was President of Cuba from 1940 to 1944.
Sock puppets are simple type of puppets made with an adult sock.
Smoke is a cloud of very small, solid particles that is made when something is burned with a flame, such as wood or paper.
Family and education.
The 1996 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXVI Olympiad, were celebrated in Atlanta, United States from July 19, through August 4.
The 1984 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXIII Olympiad, were celebrated in Los Angeles, United States from July 28, through August 12.
The 1932 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the X Olympiad, were celebrated in Los Angeles, United States from July 30, through August 14.
The 1992 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXV Olympiad, were celebrated in Barcelona, Spain from July 25, through August 9.
The 1988 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXIV Olympiad, were celebrated in Seoul, South Korea from September 17, through October 2.
Charles Aznavour  is an Armenian-French singer, songwriter and actor.
The Pallavas dynasty rose in Tamil Nadu  during the seventh century under Mahendravarman I and his son Mamalla Narasimhavarman I.
The Pandyan kingdom பாண்டியர் was an ancient Tamil state in South India of unknown antiquity.
Rockabilly is an early type of rock and roll music which developed in the 1950s in the United States.
Blu-ray is a high-density optical disc format similar to DVD.
The Stray Cats were a Rockabilly band from the United States.
The National Security Advisor, officially known as the Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs, serves as the top advisor to the President of the United States on national security issues.
The Chera dynasty  was one of the ancient Tamil dynasties who ruled the southern India from ancient times until around the fifteenth century CE.
The Chola dynasty  was a Tamil dynasty that ruled in southern India until the 13th century.
Ayn Rand  was a Russian-born American writer, screenwriter, playwright and philosopher who published several popular books in the United States in the mid-1900s, such as "We the Living", "Anthem", "Atlas Shrugged" and "The Fountainhead." Her husband was an American actor and artist Frank O'Connor.
Laubach is a town in the district of Giessen, in Hesse, Germany.
Alexander Valterovich Litvinenko  was a lieutenant-colonel in the Russian Security Service and later a Russian dissident and writer.
Coprophilia is a sexual fetish people feel when they come into contact with feces.
The Kalabhra dynasty ruled over entire Tamil country in South Indian between the 3rd and the 6th century C.E..
NASCAR  is a racing sport in the United States.The three largest racing series sanctioned by NASCAR are the Sprint Cup, the Nationwide Series and the Camping World Series.
A monument is a statue, building, or something else created to commemorate a person or important event.
Wikinews is a free-content news source wiki and a project of the Wikimedia Foundation.
The 1980 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXII Olympiad, were celebrated in Moscow, Soviet Union from July 19, through August 3.
Centuries: 5th century - 6th century - 7th century Decades: 450s - 460s - 470s - 480s - 490s - 500s - 510s - 520s - 530s - 540s - 550s Years: 500 501 502 503 504 505 506 507 508 509 510 .
Centuries: 4th century - 5th century - 6th century Decades: 430s - 440s - 450s - 460s - 470s - 480s - 490s - 500s - 510s - 520s - 530s Years: 480 481 482 483 484 485 486 487 488 489 490 .
Centuries: 9th century - 10th century - 11th century Decades: 880s - 890s - 900s - 910s - 920s - 930s - 940s - 950s - 960s - 970s - 980s Years: 930 931 932 933 934 935 936 937 938 939 .
Centuries: 8th century - 9th century - 10th century Decades: 840s - 850s - 860s - 870s - 880s - 890s - 900s - 910s - 920s - 930s - 940s Years: 890 891 892 893 894 895 896 897 898 899 900 Events.
Centuries: 9th century - 10th century - 11th century Decades: 900s - 910s - 920s - 930s - 940s - 950s - 960s - 970s - 980s - 990s - 1000s Years: 950 951 952 953 954 955 956 957 958 959 .
Jenna Jameson  is a porn star, that is she has sex on screen and gets paid for it.
The Klingon Language Institute  is an organization who helps to teach and learn the Klingon language.
Journalism is a type of writing.
Tim Berners-Lee  invented the World Wide Web which is the system that delivers webpages over the Internet.
Assimilation (from "similis", lat.
Vaihingen an der Enz is a town in southern German state of Baden-Württemberg.
Integration is a process of combining or accumulating.
Cultural assimilation, or 'assimilation' for short , is an intense process of consistent integration when members of an ethno-cultural group, typically immigrants, or other minority groups, are "absorbed" into an established, generally larger community.
New Wave  is a style of pop music that developed in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
Apple Corps Ltd.
Blondie was an American new wave pop music band from the late 1970s.
Patti Smith  is an American singer and poet.
Talking Heads were a new wave pop music band from the United States from the late 1970s.
Devo was an American new wave pop music band.
Illegal drugs are chemicals, pills, liquids, or parts of plants that people take to become intoxicated.
Crack  is an Illegal drug which is made from cocaine.
Twiggy Lawson  is a English actress and fashion model.
Special effects is a term for the things used in movies to create images that do not exist.
Glam metal is a style of rock music that started in the 1980s.
The Revolutions in the German states developed in most of the 38 states of Germany that were loosely bound together in the German Confederation after the Congress of Vienna in 1815.
Abdication is the act of resigning from an office, especially from the supreme office of state.
Beta Columbae is part of the Columbae constellation.
The Philadelphia Eagles is an American football team in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
YouTube is a free video sharing website which lets people put on, view, and share videos.
Greenwich IPA pronunciation: is a town in the London borough of Greenwich.
"Catch Me If You Can" is a movie.
Armorica or Aremorica is the name given in ancient times to the part of Gaul that includes the Brittany peninsula and the territory between the Seine and Loire rivers .
Gaul  was the name given in ancient times to the area of Western Europe that included northern Italy, France, Belgium, western Switzerland and the parts of the Netherlands and Germany on the west bank of the Rhine river.
The Danelaw  is an 11th century name for an area of northern and eastern England under the administrative control of the Danish Viking empire  from the late 9th century until the early 11th century.
"Jórvík" was the Viking name for the English city of York and the kingdom centred there.
The terms lamb, mutton or hoggett are used to describe the meat of a domestic sheep.
Prions , short for "proteinaceous infectious particles " are proteins that can make people sick.
Hashish is a sticky, thick, dark-colored resin  which is made from the cannabis plant.
William Pitt the Younger  was a British politician of the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries.
Jean-Paul Charles Aymard Sartre  was a French existentialist  philosopher .
John Ernst Steinbeck  is a very famous American writer of the 20th century.
Akira Kurosawa  was a Japanese film director.
Science fiction movies are motion pictures which tell stories about the future, outer space, robots, or alien creatures.
Reading is a city in the American state of Pennsylvania.
Swanage is a seaside town on the south coast of England.
Scottish people are people who live in Scotland.
Hungen is a town in the district of Gießen, in the state of Hesse, Germany.
Bremerhaven Hauptbahnhof is the central railway station in Bremerhaven, Germany.
A duchy is a territory or domain ruled by a duke or duchess.
Scott Charles Bigelow  was an American professional wrestler.
Incomplete metamorphosis are words used to tell about how some insects grow.
The Anglo-Norman language is the name given to the special sort of the Norman language spoken by the Anglo-Normans, the descendants of the Normans who ruled the Kingdom of England following the conquest by William of Normandy in 1066.
"Langues d'oïl"  is the linguistic and historical name for the Gallo-Romance languages which developed from Latin in the northern territories of Roman Gaul that now are occupied by northern France, part of Belgium and the Channel Islands.
A ring is a piece of jewelry that is usually worn on the finger.
The Gallo-Romance branch of Romance languages includes French and several other languages spoken in modern France and northern Italy and Spain.
Capital accumulation means the gathering of objects of value; the increase in wealth; or the creation of wealth.
Investment or investing means that an asset is bought, or that money is put into a bank to get a future interest from it.
The Battle of Bannockburn  was an important Scottish victory in the Wars of Scottish Independence.
The Wars of the Roses  was a series of civil wars fought over the throne of England between supporters of the House of Lancaster and supporters of the House of York.
A matchbook is a small cardboard container that holds a quantity of matches inside and has a coarse striking surface on the exterior.
The Diary of Friedrich Keller is a journal written during the Second World War.
The Sveriges Riksbank Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel, informally called the Nobel Prize in Economics, is a prize awarded each year for outstanding contributions in the field of economics.
Lindsey Jacobellis  is an American snowboarder.
Axis of Evil is a term first used by US President George W.
The State of the Union Address is a speech the president of the United States of America gives every year, usually in January.
A Ninja is a kind of spy or assassin who lived in Japan beginning in the 14th century.
The USS Arizona Memorial is in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii.
The USS Arizona  was an American Battleship.
A war crime is a crime that breaks the rules that most people accept when fighting in a war.
In a modern democracy, a senate is a group of people who are part of a legislature.
Kano a city is Nigeria.
The Battle of Bosworth or Bosworth Field was an important battle during the Wars of the Roses in 15th century England.
Escherichia coli or "E.
The Borg are a fictional race of cyborgs in the Star Trek universe.
The House of Plantagenet ruled England in some form or another from the reign of Henry II, beginning in 1154, until the House of Tudor came to power when Richard III fell at the Battle of Bosworth Field in 1485.
Angevin is the name of the residents of Anjou, a former province of the Kingdom of France, as well as to the residents of Angers.
A count is a nobleman in most of European countries, equivalent in rank to a British earl, whose wife is also still a "countess" .
The Budgerigar  is a small parrot.
Endocarditis is an inflammation of the inner layer of the heart.
Tetracycline is an antibiotic used to treat psittacosis and other bacterial infections.
Hemoglobin  is a globular protein in the blood which contains iron and is used to transport oxygen around the body.
The cornea is a clear section of the eye which gives the eye most of its optical power.
The 'West African Senior School Certificate Examination  is a type of exam in West Africa.
Sergei Sergeyevich Prokofiev (b.
Arab Christians are people who speak Arabic and have the religion of Christianity.
A musical synthesizer is an instrument that uses electricity to make musical sounds.
John Foxe  is remembered as the author of "Foxe's Book of Martyrs".
The word evangelicalism mostly means religious practices and traditions which are found in conservative Protestant Christianity.
Centuries: 9th century - 10th century - 11th century Decades: 870s - 880s - 890s - 900s - 910s - 920s - 930s - 940s - 950s - 960s -- 970s Years: 920 921 922 923 924 925 926 927 928 929 .
Centuries: 9th century - 10th century - 11th century Decades: 890s - 900s - 910s - 920s - 930s - 940s - 950s - 960s - 970s - 980s - 990s Years: 940 941 942 943 944 945 946 947 948 949 .
Centuries: 9th century - 10th century - 11th century Decades: 860s - 870s - 880s - 890s - 900s - 910s - 920s - 930s - 940s - 950s - 960s Years: 910 911 912 913 914 915 916 917 918 919 .
Canopic jars were used to store the internal organs of a mummy in ancient Egypt.
A fellow is someone who is an equal or a comrade, but most often it means a member of a group of learned people who work together at university or other academic institutions.
Millipedes are arthropods.
Edwy All-Fair or "Eadwig"  was the King of England from 955 until his death.
Saint Oda or Odo, called the Good or the Severe (d.
Magdalen College School is an independent school for boys located on the edge of central Oxford, England.
Edward V  was the King of England from 9 April 1483 until he was removed two months later, on 25 June 1483.
Lincolnshire  is a county in the east of England.
Norfolk is a low-lying county in East Anglia in the east of southern England.
ISO 3166-2 is a standard.
Leicestershire  is a county in central England.
Northamptonshire  is a county in central England with a population of 629,676 .
Fractal Geometry is the study of sets called fractals.
An Earl or Jarl was an Anglo-Saxon and Scandinavian title, meaning "chieftain" and it referred especially to chieftains set to rule a territory in a king's stead.
Lobsters are large crustaceans that live in the sea.
Spiny lobsters, also known as rock lobsters are a family  of about 45 species of crustaceans, in the Decapoda Reptantia.
Bromeliads are a family of tropical plants which includes the pineapple and several colourful houseplants.
An oscillator is something that "vibrates", or repeats the same pattern.
"Eucalyptus" is a name for a kind of tree.
Cell theory is a way to describe the biology of living things.
Oxfordshire  is a county in the South East of England, bordering on Northamptonshire, Buckinghamshire, Berkshire, Wiltshire, Gloucestershire, and Warwickshire.
Minnie Mouse is a cartoon character.
A tadpole shrimp is a type of simple freshwater crustacean.
Porphyria is the name for certain medical conditions or diseases.
Diatoms " = "through" + " " = "to cut", i.e., "cut in half") are a big group of eukaryotic algae.
Decapitation or beheading is the act of cutting off the head from the rest of the body of a living thing.
Dmitri Mendeleev (born Dmitriy Ivanovich Mendeleyev, February 8 {O.S.
The wakizashi is a traditional Japanese sword.
Albert Camus  was a French philosopher and writer.
The term Angevin Empire describes a collection of states ruled by the Angevin Plantagenet dynasty.
The vertebral column is the scientific, anatomical word for the spine or backbone.
The Pyrenees  are a range of mountains in southwest Europe that form a natural border between France and Spain.
The Sea of Galilee is Israel's largest freshwater lake, about 53 kilometers  around, about 21 km  long, and 13 km  wide; it has a total area of 166 km², and a depth of about 43 meters.
Dartmoor is a national park in Devon, a county in England.
Cirencester is a town in Gloucestershire in England.
Seppuku is a Japanese ritual when a Samurai cuts his belly.
A sow bug or woodlouse is a small land arthropod .
People call lady beetles many different names.
Louis J.
The Thirteen Colonies were British colonies in North America.
A stillbirth happens when a fetus  dies while still inside the mother or dies during delivery .
The Arizona Cardinals are a professional American football team based in Phoenix, Arizona.
Totnes is a town in South Devon, England.
A chiffon cake is a type of sponge cake.
The Three Character Classic, Trimetric Classic or San Zi Jing  is a written work from China.
Art films are a type of movie that is very different from the popular Hollywood blockbuster movies.
Palm OS is an operating system that is made to work on small computerdevices, mostly Personal Digital Assistants.
The Ural Mountains  also known simply as the Urals is a mountain range that runs roughly north and south through western Russia.
Ishmael  was Abraham's oldest son, born by his wife's handmaiden Hagar.
In physical geography, a steppe is a plain without trees ; it is similar to a prairie, although a prairie is generally considered as being dominated by tall grasses, while short grasses are said to be the norm in the steppe.
In geography, a plain is a large area of land with no hills or mountains.
French fried potatoes , are a type of food made out of potatoes.
Champagne is a sparkling wine  that is named after the Champagne region, a region in France with many vineyards that grow grapes and make wine.
Ptolemy XV Philopator Philometor Caesar, nicknamed Caesarion  Greek: Πτολεμαίος ΙΕ' Φιλοπάτωρ Φιλομήτωρ Καίσαρ, Καισαρίων  was the son of Cleopatra VII.
The Victoria Line is a line of the London Underground.
Lorca is a city in Murcia, Spain.
Alexander Sergeyevich Pushkin  1799, Moscow; died January 29 , St Petersburg) was a Russian poet, novelist, dramatist and short-story writer.
Exile means being sent away from the country or area where you live.
Lager  is a kind of beer.
Ryszard Kapuściński (b.
The Republican National Committee (the R.N.C.
The Democratic National Committee (D.N.C.
The Four Corners is the place in the Southwestern United States where the four corners of New Mexico, Colorado, Utah, and Arizona meet.
The Southwestern United States  is a region of the western United States.
A flagellum "" is a long, whip-like projection of a cell composed of microtubules.
Walkman is the invention as well as the brand name of Sony.
Semantics is the study of meaning.
Governance is the term for the way a group of people such as a country do things.
Snowballs is a ball of snow.
MPEG-4 is a video and audio standard.
Warship was an extremely popular British television drama series produced by the BBC between 1973 and 1977.
Jerry Lewis  is an American comedian and actor.
Breakdance  is a type of dance that is done by people who are part of the hip hop culture.
"Constantine" is a 2005 movie starring Keanu Reeves and Rachel Weisz.
East Anglia is a region of eastern England, named after one of the ancient Anglo-Saxon kingdoms, which was named after the homeland of the Angles, Angeln in northern Germany.
Simone de Beauvoir  was a French author  and philosopher .
Katherine "Katie" Anne Couric  was a co-host of the top-rated "Today" show, broadcast live on NBC affiliates, from 1991 until late 2006, earning nearly $14 million each year for the last 4 years of her contract.
During the history of slavery there were many different forms of human exploitation across many cultures.
This is a list of U.S.
The Central Line is a line of the London Underground.
LSD is the shorter name for a drug called Lysergic acid diethylamide.
Paul Michael Levesque  is an American professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Triple H, an abbreviation of his former Hunter Hearst Helmsley moniker.
Ernő Rubik  is a Hungarian inventor and professor of architecture.
Michael Anthony Richards  is an American comedy actor.
Final Fantasy VII is a fantasy role-playing video game for the Playstation.
Sir Anthony Joseph Francis O'Reilly  billionaire born in Dublin, Ireland.
A prism is a special piece of glass, crystal, or plastic that bends light.
Fritjof Capra  is an Austrian-born American physicist.
Minor Threat was hardcore punk band from Washington DC from the 1980s.
Ethelred II (c.
The Elizabethan Religious Settlement was Elizabeth I’s answer to the religious quarrels that developed during the reigns of Henry VIII, Edward VI and Mary I.
Gecko are small to middle size lizards.
Rutherfordium is a chemical element.
A lizard is a kind of reptile.
Philipp Tischendorf  is a German figure skater.
Miles per hour is a unit of measurement.
Nobility was the highest social class in pre-modern societies.
This is a list of United States of America states by population as of 2006.
A trio is a group of three people who are playing musical instruments or singing together.
This is a list of U.S.
This is a list of U.S.
This is a list of the largest cities in each United States state and territory.
Learning music by ear is learning to play a piece of music by listening to other people playing it and then trying to play it oneself.
Shelton Albert Benjamin  is an American professional wrestler.
J.
Minor league baseball is a level of professional baseball in North America.
The American League  is one of the two leagues that make up Major League Baseball.
The National League  is one of the two leagues that make up Major League Baseball.
Statistical surveys are collections of information about items in a population.
The social sciences are a group of academic disciplines that study human aspects of the world.
The arts is a part of culture and means much more than "art", which usually means the visual arts .
Nuclear proliferation is when a country starts making nuclear objects.
François Bourdoncle  is founder and CEO of the search engine company Exalead.
A Chief Executive Officer , or Chief Executive, is the highest-ranking corporate officer, administrator, corporate administrator, executive, or executive officer, in charge of total management of a corporation, company, organization or agency.
Exalead [eg'zæli:d] is a French search engine involved in the Quaero project, introducing new search techniques.
Amateur radio is a hobby for people who like to talk using radio transmitters.
The humanities include languages, literature, music, philosophy, history, the classics, religion, and the visual and performing arts.
Sir John Hawkins   was an English shipbuilder, merchant, navigator, and slave trader.
The Coconut palm is a type of palm tree.
Shawarma  is a meat sandwich eaten by people in the Middle East.
Merchants deal with trade.
In commercial and consumer transactions, a warranty is an obligation that an article or service that is sold has the quality the buyer can reasonably expect from the seller.
Giuseppe Verdi (b.
A blue box is a device that someone could use to make free telephone calls.
A red box is a device that people can use illegally to make free telephone calls at a pay telephone.
Silicon Graphics, Inc.
A constituency is any cohesive corporate unit or body bound by shared structures, goals or loyalty.
Local governments are administrative offices that are smaller than a state or province.
This is a list of the 646 constituencies currently represented in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom Parliament, as at the United Kingdom 2005 general election.
A stain is a spot that has another color than the material on which it is found.
In metallurgy, stainless steel means a ferrous alloy with a minimum of 10.5% chromium content.
Ferrous is an adjective coming from the Latin "ferrum" .
Plain-carbon steel is a metal alloy, a combination of two elements, iron and carbon, where other elements are present in quantities too small to affect the properties.
Yellowcake is a type of uranium.
Ductility is the physical property of being capable of sustaining large permanent changes in shape without breaking .
Defibrillation is the act of defibrillating the heart to try treat ventricular fibrillation or pulseless ventricular tachycardia.
A defibrillator is a medical device that is used to defibrillate the heart.
A curse is a word which threatens the other person to have bad luck.
Ventricular fibrillation  is a cardiac arrhythmia in which there is an uncoordinated contraction of the cardiac muscle of the ventricles in the heart.
As a place name.
Tachycardia is the fast beating of the heart.
A fracture is the separation of a body into two, or more, pieces under the action of stress.
Stress in material science means that material is influenced in a way that may cause it to break or change its form.
Shear stress is a stress state where the stress is parallel to a face of the material, as opposed to normal stress when the stress is vertical to the face.
Tensile stress  is the stress state leading to expansion; that is, the length of a material tends to increase in the tensile direction.
Tension is a reaction force applied by a stretched string  on the objects which stretch it.
I.O.U.
In engineering mechanics, deformation is a change in shape that is result of a force that influences the object.
The word ceramic is derived from the Greek word κεραμικός .
An inorganic compound is a chemical compound that is "not" an organic compound.
Applied mechanics, also known as theoretical and applied mechanics, is a branch of the physical sciences and the practical application of mechanics.
Mechanics is the branch of physics which looks at bodies that are influenced by forces and moved.
History.
A central venous catheter  or "central line" is a catheter put in a large vein in the neck, chest, or groin when a patient needs close cardiovascular monitoring, for assessment of fluid status, and so that intravenous drugs and fluids can be given to the patient more effectively.
Macroscopic means physical objects that are measurable and can be seen by the naked eye.
Seeing with naked eye means to look at something without the help of telescope, binoculars or microscope.
If one says things have the same order of magnitude one means a value that is rather near to the other value that is compared with it.
The Nokia N-Gage is a mobile phone and handheld game console.
Woodside is the name of several places.
A handheld game console is a light, portable electronic machine for playing video games.
Pinhead Gunpowder is a punk rock band from California, United States.
Harry Connick, Jr.
Pantheism is the belief that God and the universe are equivalent  A Pantheist believes that everything that exists is a part of God, and that God is nothing more than everything that exists.
Panentheism is the belief that the universe is part of God.
Deuterium is an isotope of hydrogen, the first element.
Boer  is the Dutch word for farmer which is used to call the descendants of the Dutch farmers of Southern Africa during the 1700s, as well as those who left the Cape Colony during the 1800s to live in the Orange Free State, Transvaal.
Muhammad Ali (born Cassius Marcellus Clay, Jr.
A mechanician is an engineer or a scientist working in the field of mechanics, or in engineering, applied mechanics and similar fields.
Compressive stress is the stress on materials that leads to a smaller volume.
Cambuslang railway station is a train station for the Scottish town of Cambuslang, in South Lanarkshire  The station is owned and managed by First ScotRail.
Rotation is the movement of an object in a circular motion.
In physics, the moment of force  means the magnitude of force that influences the rotation of an object.
Tensile strength measures the force required to pull something such as rope, wire, or a structural beam to the point where it breaks.
Bosconian is a arcade video game made by Namco in 1981.
The Sunday Night Project is a British comedy television programme.
Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia  was the daughter of the last tsar Tsar Nicholas II.
Anna Anderson said she was Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia.
Celtic F.C.
Grand Duchess Maria Nikolaevna of Russia was a daughter of Tsar Nicholas II of Russia and Tsarina Alexandra Feodorovna.
Grand Duchess Tatiana Nikolaevna of Russia (b.
Rally-X is a Arcade video game by Namco.
Grand Duchess Olga Nikolaevna of Russia was the oldest daughter of Tsar Nicholas II of Russia and Tsarina Alexandra Feodorovna.
Physical compression means that a material under compressive stress reduces its volume.
Compressive strength measures the pushing force that one needs to break a material.
Strength of materials is important for the study of engineering materials and their mechanical behavior in general .
"Funeral Blues" is a poem written in 1936 by W.
Wystan Hugh Auden  was an American poet.
Parsley is a fresh flavored bright green herb.
Édith Piaf  was one of France's most loved singers.
A weed is a plant that someone thinks is bad, because it is growing in the wrong place.
Ternopil is a city in western Ukraine.
Justin Lee Collins  is an English television and radio presenter and former stand-up comedian from Bristol.
Alan Carr  is an English television presenter and stand-up comedian.
Cremation is the act of burning a body after it has died.
Spartacus , according to Roman historians, was a gladiator-slave who became the alleged leader of an unsuccessful slave uprising against the Roman Republic.
George John Scipio Africanus  was a West African slave who became a successful bussinessman in Nottingham, England.
Booker Taliaferro Washington  was an American political leader, teacher and author.
Publius Cornelius Scipio Africanus Major   was a general in the Second Punic War and politician of the Roman Republic.
A blessing is way to wish good luck for a person.
Karel Svoboda  was a Czech composer of popular music.
The Third Servile War, also called the Gladiator War and The War of Spartacus by Plutarch, was the last of several unsuccessful slave rebellions against the Roman Republic.
A vibration in a string is a wave.
In physics, the angular momentum of an object rotating about some reference point is the measure of the extent to which the object will continue to rotate about that point unless acted upon by an external torque.
An axle is a central shaft for a rotating wheel or gear.
Gears are mechanical parts with cut teeth designed to fit with teeth on another part so as to transmit or receive force and motion.
Gear is a toothed wheel designed to transmit torque to another gear or toothed component.
The gear shift is the part of the gearbox which has the shift forks and allows the contact from the driver to the synchronisation.
In mechanics, a transmission  or gearbox, is the system of gears and/or the hydraulic system  that transmits mechanical power from a prime mover—such as an engine or electric motor—to some form of useful output device, normally rotary in form, and generally at a reduced rate of angular speed but at a higher motive torque.
Hydraulics is a topic of science and engineering subject dealing with the mechanical properties of liquids.
This is a complete list of the states of the United States ordered by "total area", "land area", and "water area".
Thomas James Vilsack  is a former Governor of Iowa and a former Democratic candidate for President of the United States.
The actinide series is the 15 chemical elements between actinium and lawrencium on the periodic table.
Opera Software is a company in Oslo, Norway that makes Opera, a set of tools for using the Internet.
The wristwatch  is a small clock or timepiece that is attached to a person's wrist with a strap.
Tiananmen Square is a large plaza near the center of Beijing, China.
Hot sauce, chili sauce, or pepper sauce are all spicy condiments made from chili peppers.
University of Priština is a public university in Serbia.
Kosovska Mitrovica is a town in north Kosovo, Serbia.
"This article is about the structural behavior.
In solid mechanics, torsion is the twisting of an object that is result of an applied torque.
Polar moment of inertia is a measure of an object's ability to resist torsion.
Burial is the act of placing an object or human into the ground.
The Gila monster  is a poisonous desert lizard.
Elizabeth Ann Smart  is a young American woman who was kidnapped from her home in Salt Lake City, Utah on June 5, 2002.
Bury is a town in the north of the metroploitan county of Greater Manchester in North West England.
Salma Hayek Jiménez  is an Academy Award-nominated Mexican actress, Emmy-winning director, film producer and television producer.
Pellagra is a disease.
Dermatitis means "inflammation of the skin." It looks like a red rash in most cases.
Chester John "Chet" Culver  is the Governor of Iowa.
A duel is a fight between two people who have similar deadly weapons and have agreed to a set of rules before the fight takes place.
Beyoncé Giselle Knowles  is an American R&B singer and actress.
"The Castle" is a 1997 Australian movie which was popular in Australia.
The documenta is one of the most important exhibition of modern art in the world.
Alfredo James "Al" Pacino  is an American actor.
Włocławek is a city in Poland in Kuyavia-Pomerania voivodship.
The Balfour Declaration of 1917 was a policy by the government of Great Britain to discuss the partitioning of the Ottoman Empire after World War I.
In geometry, the radius of a circle or sphere is the shortest connection between the center and the boundary.
Morality is the learning process of doing the right thing.
Saliva is the watery substance made in the mouths of humans and some animals.
Villarosa is a town in the province of Enna, in the region of Sicily in southern Italy.
Maria Sharapova  is a tennis player.
The true bugs are an order  of insects.
Dayton is a large city in the American state of Ohio.
Native Esperanto speakers are people who learned Esperanto as one of their first languages.
A freeway is a highway made for vehicles to safely travel at fast speeds.
A soldering iron is a device used to attach pieces of metal together with molten lead, which is called soldering.
Hungarian Vizlas are a type of dog, known for being affectionate and not aggressive.
Drawing is a manufacturing process for producing a wire, bar or tube by pulling on a material until it increases in length.
Manufacturing is a branch of industry that produces goods out of raw materials.
Finished goods are goods that are manufactured but not yet sold or distributed to the end-user.
A good or commodity in economics is any object or product  that is useful.
Ruslana Stepanivna Lyzhychko  is a popular Ukrainian pop singer, composer, producer, conductor and dancer.
The word mustard is used to refer to several species of plants.
Sulfur mustard is a chemical compound.
The Law of supply and demand describes how prices are related to the number of things made available , and the number of things people want .
Amelia Earhart  was an American aviator and writer.
A situation comedy, usually called a sitcom, is a type of comedy program.
Frank Sinatra  was an American singer and actor.
Harry Lillis "Bing" Crosby  was an American singer and actor.
Felt is a type of cloth that is made by matting wool fibers, either with water and soap, or by poking the fibers with barbed needles.
Dean Martin  was an American singer and actor.
Sammy Davis, Jr.
Racial segregation is the term used to describe the separation of people based on race.
Torrance is a city in southwest Los Angeles, California.
Charles Edward Anderson "Chuck" Berry (born October 18, 1926 in St.
Nagamaki is a Japanese pole weapon with a large and heavy blade.
Naginata is a Japanese bladed weapon with a long shaft .
Ainu is a language used in Hokkaido, Japan.
Tenacious D is a band.
Saurischia is one of the two orders/branches of dinosaurs.
A stethoscope is a instrument used by doctors and other medical people.
Gouda is a kind of cheese from Holland.
In the Russian Orthodox Christianity, a passion bearer is someone who faces their death in a Christian or Christ-like way.
A tile is a manufactured piece of hard-wearing material such as ceramic, stone, porcelain, metal or even glass.
Porcelain is a ceramic material made by heating selected and refined materials to high temperatures.
Kaolinite is a clay mineral with the chemical composition Al2Si2O5.
A kiln is a thermally insulated chamber or oven in which a controlled temperature regime is produced.
"ChuChu" is a comic magazine which targets is teen girls.
Metta is a Buddhist term translated as loving kindness or friendliness.
An oxide is a chemical compound containing an oxygen atom and other elements.
A Proposal is when people suggest an idea.
Versailles is a French city, located in the western suburbs of Paris, 17.1 km.
Major is a rank that is given for a mid-level command officer .
Siblings are the sisters and brothers of a person.
In chemistry, a silicate is a compound consisting of one or more central silicon atoms that are surrounded by electronegative ligands.
Newton metre is the unit of moment in the SI system.
Gamma rays are electromagnetic waves with the smallest wavelengths in the electromagnetic spectrum.
Cynicism is a philosophy started by the Cynics, Ancient Greek philosophers.
Sonic the Hedgehog is the name of a cartoon series, staring Sonic the Hedgehog.
Mestrius Plutarchus , better known in English as Plutarch, was a Greek historian, writer of biographies and essays.
Marcus Licinius Crassus Dives  (c.
Pompey, Pompey the Great or Pompey the Triumvir  , was an important military and political leader of the late Roman Republic.
Italia, under the Roman Republic and later Empire, was the name of the Italian peninsula.
The shift key is a key on a keyboard, used to type capital letters and other alternate "upper" characters.
The Twenty-Second United States Census, known as Census 2000 was a count of the population of the United States.
A police procedural is a television show about police officers solving mysteries.
This is a list of the 50 U.S.
Girth is the circumference of a cylindrical object, such as a tree trunk.
In geometry, circumference is the distance around a closed curve; for example, a circle.
A girth is a piece of equipment for riding a horse, used to keep the saddle in place.
The Lusatian Neisse is a river in the Czech Republic , Germany  and Poland .
Anton Rubinstein  was a Russian pianist and composer.
InuYasha.
A plane is a tool for shaping wood.
Lumber or Timber is a term used to describe wood from the time trees are felled, to its end product as a material suitable for industrial use—as structural material for construction or wood pulp for paper production.
El Puerto de Santa María  is a city located on the banks of the Guadalete River in the province of Cádiz, Spain.
A bearing is a device to permit fixed direction motion between two parts, typically rotation or linear movement.
A bush is a mechanical fixing between two, possibly moving, parts, or a strengthened fixing point where one mechanical assembly is attached to another.
Suspension is the term given to the system of springs, shock absorbers and linkages that connects a vehicle to its wheels.
The Suzuki method,  is a way of teaching.
Natsumi Kawahara（かわはらなつみ "Kawahara Natsumi" July 26th, 1981）is Japanese manga artist.
Pará (pron.
A constituent is someone who elects another person as their representative in the government.
In syntactic analysis, a constituent is a word or a group of words that functions as a single unit within a hierarchical structure.
A spindle  is a wooden spike  that has at one end a weight, mostly a circular whorl.
Whorl is a type of spiral pattern.
A whorl is a circular weight attached to a spindle that is used as a sort of flywheel.
A flywheel is a heavy disk or wheel that is attached to a rotating shaft.
The potter's wheel, also known as the potter's lathe, is a machine used in the shaping of round ceramic wares.
Nikolai Grigoryevich Rubinstein  was a Russian pianist and composer.
Okinawan language'"（沖縄語　おきなわご　"Okinawago"、琉球語　りゅうきゅうご "Ryuukyuugo"　ウチナーグチ "Uchina-guchi"）is a language spoken in Okinawa and Amami regions of Japan.
Imbolc is a festival belonging to Brigid, the Celtic goddess who, in later times, became famous as a Christian saint.
A baseball is a ball used in the sport of the same name, baseball.
The Battle of Worcester was the final battle of the English Civil War.
James Marsters  is an American guitarist, singer, and actor.
Emma Caulfield  is an American actress.
Michelle Christine Trachtenberg  is an American television and movie actress.
Summer Glau  is an American dancer and actress.
In anthropology, bands are the tiniest societies, consisting typically of 5-80 people, most or all of them close relatives by birth or by marriage.
Infertile means not able to have children or other offspring.
Betrayal is when a person break the trust and faith of others that trust them.
A crane is a mechanical lifting device equipped with hoists, wire ropes and sheaves that can be used both to lift and lower materials and to move them horizontally.
Data mining is a term from computer science.
Japanese schools of sword making can be divided into two categories: by the provinces where they were developed and by the masters who created a specific tradition of sword making.
An ornamental plant is a plant that is grown for how it looks and not for its commercial or other value.
This is a partial list of garden plants, plants that can be cultivated in the garden, listed alphabetically by genus.
The common names of plants often vary from region to region, which is why most plant encyclopedias refer to plants using binomials, or "Latin" names.
The Celts were many tribes in Europe.They painted themselves in blue.
In economics free good means a good that is available without production, and therefore not scarce.
A hoist is a device used for lifting or lowering a load by means of a drum or lift-wheel around which rope or chain wraps.
"Eugene Onegin"  is an opera by Pyotr Tchaikovsky.
Basingstoke is a large town in Hampshire, England.
Ununquadium is a chemical element.
Brontosaurus  was a dinosaur which is now considered to be an Apatosaurus.
Fate or destiny is the idea that the future is already planned even if people do not know what their fate is .
August Heinrich Hoffmann , who used Hoffmann von Fallersleben as his pen name, was a German poet.
Lake Peipus  is a large fresh water lake.
The Tanto is a Japanese short sword or dagger.
Clint Dempsey  is an American footballer from Texas.
"Runaway Brain" is an animated short movie released on September 22, 1934 by United Artists.
Maltese is the language of Malta, and a language of the European Union.
Persuasion is a form of influence.
Ögedei  was the third son of Genghis Khan and second Great Khan of the Mongol Empire, after his father.
Heligoland is a small German group of islands in the North Sea.
Cooperation is when people work together to make their lives better, even though they are free to not work together, and receive little if any money for working together.
Robert Francis "Bobby" Kennedy , also called RFK, was the brother of former U.S.
The umbilical cord is the tube that connects the unborn child and the mother together.
Dr Josef Mengele , was a German SS officer and a physician in the Nazi concentration camp Auschwitz.
Francis I, Emperor of Austria  also was Francis II, Holy Roman Emperor .
Wilhelm I of the family of the Hohenzollern, was a king of Prussia  and the first German Emperor .
Amami（奄美　あまみ）is a group of islands in Kagoshima prefecture in the Kyūshū region of Japan.
Formal is a word used to describe anything that has form or structure.
Kyūshū  is the third largest island of Japan.
Presentation is the process of presenting the content of a topic to an audience.
Keynote is a presentation software application made by Apple for its Mac OS X operating system.
The claymore is a Scottish sword.
Tamahagane is a high quality metal  made in the Japanese tradition.
If someone found one, it could lead to a theory which would join together the four main physical forces: electromagnetism, gravity, the strong nuclear force and the weak nuclear force.
The Higgs boson is an elementary particle that has been thought to give everything mass, but it may or may not exist.
A presentation software is a computer software package used to show information, normally in the form of a slide show.
A liqueur is a sweet-tasting alcoholic drink.
Militarism or militarist ideology is a view on society.
"The Queen of Spades"  is an opera by Tchaikovsky.
The growth-share matrix (aka B.C.G.
Microsoft Office PowerPoint is a presentation program developed for the Microsoft Windows and Mac OS computer operating systems.
Qi Xi, sometimes called Chinese Valentine's Day, Magpie Festival, or the Double Seventh Festival is a traditional romantic festival in China.
Anna Nicole Smith  was an American model, actress and celebrity.
Ciao  is a Japanese shōjo manga magazine published by Shogakukan for young girls .
LaTeX is a system used for making printed text look good using a computer.
The First War of Scottish Independence lasted from the outbreak of the war in 1296 until the 1328.
John, King of Scots  is usually known as John Balliol or, correctly, John de Balliol.
A soul patch is a style of facial hair in which hair is only found below the lower lip and above the chin.
The Wars of Scottish Independence were a series of military campaigns fought between Scotland and England in the late 13th and early 14th centuries.
An autotroph  and "trophe" ) is an organism that makes organic compounds from simple molecules.
Air France is one of the largest airlines, based in France.
Air Dolomiti is a regional airline from in Verona in Italy.
Hampshire is a county in the south of the UK.
Manuel Pereira da Silva  was a Portuguese sculptor.
The yeti is an animal said to live in the Himalaya mountain range.
A Primality test is a method  to find out if a certain number is a prime number.
Padding is a term used in cryptography.
Modular arithmetic  is a way of arithmetic calculation with integers.
A Dictionary attack is a method used in cryptography.
Rocco Francis Marchegiano, better known as Rocky Marciano , was an American boxer.
Exponentiating by squaring is an algorithm.
A smart card is a card with a microchip in it.
In mathematics, two integers  are coprime  if they share no common factors.
In number theory, the totient formula_1 of a positive integer "n" is defined to be the number of positive integers less than "n" which are coprime to "n".
In cryptography, a key  is a piece of information that allows control over the encryption or decryption process.
Hollywood is a city in Broward County in Florida in the United States.
A Magnetic stripe card is a plastic card which has a magnetic stripe on it.
A payphone is a telephone that lets the public make phone calls if they pay for them first.
Sami  is an ethnic group of people living in Lapland.
Lapland is the most northern part of Fennoscandia.
The Kingdom of Judah was a Jewish kingdom that existed from 930 BCE to 586 BCE.
A Gantt chart is a type of bar chart that shows a project schedule.
A mind map is a drawing used to show words, ideas, tasks or other things.
Dia is open source software that is used to make diagrams.
"Mozart had a talent for music.
Cathay Pacific Airways Limited is an airline from Hong Kong.
A talent  is an ancient unit of mass.
Bede  "Beda"), (ca.
Phototrophs "" or photoautotrophs "" are organisms which carry out photosynthesis.
NTFS is a file system.
A File system  is a way of storing all data on a data storage device.
David II  King of Scots, son of King Robert the Bruce by his second wife, Elizabeth de Burgh (d.
Lied  is the German word for “song” .
Aurora is like fire that sometimes comes to the sky at the cold areas of Earth.
Nordic countries are a group of countries in the northern Europe.
"Going Underground" was The Jam's first number one song on the UK charts.
Paasselkä devils  are stories about balls of light at lake Paasselkä, Finland.
Aurora was the ancient Roman equivalent of Eos.
Ukko was the biggest god in Finnish paganism, a religion that was in Finland before Christianity.
Väinämöinen is an important person in Finnish mythology.
Ilmarinen is an important person in Finnish mythology.
Finnish paganism was a pagan religion in Finland and Karelia before Finnish people were Christians.
Feedback is when the effect of a process  have a connection to its cause .
A phosphate is a salt of phosphoric acid.
The cerebrum is the largest part of the brain.
Karelia is area in eastern fennoscandia to the east from where Finnish people lives.
Kalevala is the Finnish national epic.
King Edred or "Eadred" (c.
Plant pathology or phytopathology is the study of plant diseases.
Chytridiomycota is a phylum of the Fungi kingdom.
This is a list of traditional abbreviations for U.S.
A Saprotroph  is an organism that gets its energy from non-living organic matter.
Giacomo Puccini  was the most famous Italian opera composer after Verdi.
The Pharaoh Hound is a breed of dog.
The Mycelium is the part of a fungus that is underground .
Lviv  is the capital city of Lviv Oblast in Ukraine.
An orchestra pit is the space where an orchestra plays in a theatre or opera house.
Will o' the wisps are lights in the darkness at the groud or near ground.
Ghost lights are lights in the air that scientists dont unerstand much and don't know what they are.
Roman Jacek Giertych is a former Minister of Education in Poland.
Smoothies are a type of cold drink made from a liquid , crushed ice or ice cubes, different fruits .
A sheave  is a wheel or roller with a groove along its edge for holding a belt, rope or cable.
A UFO  is any object flying in the sky which cannot be identified by the person who sees it.
The Second War of Scottish Independence began in 1333 when Edward III of England did not accept the 1328 Treaty of Northampton any more, under which England recognised the legitimacy of the dynasty established by Robert Bruce.
This is a list of abbreviations used by the United States Postal Service.
Booing means shouting "BOO!" If people shout "boo" after a performance  they are showing that they did not like it.
Applause is the noise made by an audience who are clapping their hands  to thank someone for a performance.
Kyle Thomas Busch  is a NASCAR race car driver.
498a is an Indian law in which a husband and his family are summarily arrested without any investigation when a complaint is lodged by the wife or any of her relative claiming that the husband or his relatives treated her cruelly.
The Caesar cipher is a method of cryptography.
Social engineering is a method some people use to influence people to get secret information.
Hydroponics or Hydroculture is the method of growing plants in the nutrients that they need instead of soil.
A crop rotation is the practice of moving different crops on the same land.
"A Hard Day’s Night" was a 1964 album by The Beatles, released on the 10th of July of that year.
In stories , a changeling is the child of a troll, elf, or fairy that has been left in the place of a human child.
A bomb is an explosive device that makes and lets out its energy very quickly and has a big shock wave.
Yūko Kohara  was born on August 4, 1977 in Nagasaki, Japan.
Dieter Gunther Bohlen is a German musician, born on 7 February 1954.
SWOT Analysis is a tool to find out the "S"trengths, "W"eaknesses, "O"pportunities, and "T"hreats that are to be expected in a project or in a business venture or in something similar.
A project is a temporary endeavor undertaken to create a unique product or service.
The Central Time Zone subtracts six hours from UTC during standard time  and five hours during daylight saving time .
Gioachino Rossini  was an Italian composer.
Salerno is a southern Italian city with a beautiful port.
An opera house is a building where operas and ballets are performed.
Kullervo is a person in the Finnish national epos Kalevala.
Ephraïm Inoni  is the Prime Minister of Cameroon, a country in central west Africa.
In physics, Compton scattering, or the Compton effect, is the name used for what happens to the energy of an X-ray or gamma ray photon when it interacts with matter; the wavelength increases.
Scottsdale is a city in the southwest of American State of Arizona.
REO Speedwagon is an American rock band.
Carlisle is a city in the north of England near the border with Scotland.
Stanislas Konarski , born 30th September 1700 in Żarczyce; died 3rd August 1773 in Warsaw , was a Polish teacher and writer.
Gaetano Donizetti  was an Italian composer.
A blonde person is someone with light coloured hair.
Maurice Harold Macmillan, 1st Earl of Stockton , was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1957 to 1963.
Baltic countries are three countries in Northern Europe at the eastern side of the Baltic Sea and at the southern side of Gulf of Finland.
Crucifixion is a method of execution, the deliberate killing of someone, usually because they have committed some crime.
A steeple is the tower at the top of a church, which is a building or temple of the Christian religion.
When we say Baltic Paganism we actually mean many different religions and mythologies that people had in Baltic countries before Christianity and that some people still have.
Oxidation is any chemical reaction that is the combination of a metal with a gas.
Kaleva or Kalevi and his sons are people or creatures in Finnish, Karelian and Estonian stories.
Yellowstone National Park was the first national park in the world.
A national park is a park that was created by a nation's government.
William Ewart Gladstone  was a prime minister of the United Kingdom.
Robert Anthony Eden, 1st Earl of Avon  was a prime minister of the United Kingdom.
Stanley Baldwin  was a prime minister of the United Kingdom three times.
Alexander Frederick Douglas-Home, Baron Home of the Hirsel  was a prime minister of the United Kingdom.
Benjamin Disraeli, 1st Earl of Beaconsfield , born Benjamin D'Israeli, was a former prime minister of the United Kingdom.
William Pitt, 1st Earl of Chatham  was a prime minister of the United Kingdom.
H.
Commerce is another word for trade or business, and can mean simply the buying and selling of goods and services.
Pine is a type of a evergreen tree.
Philip II of France , was King of France from 1180 to 1223.
Pohjola is an evil country in Finnish and Karelian ancient stories.
Gulf of Finland is a body of water that points east from the Baltic Sea with Finland on its north side and Estonia on its south side.
Edmund II of England  was a king of England.
Arthur James Balfour, 1st Earl of Balfour, KG, OM, PC  was a British Conservative statesman and Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1902 until 1905.
Henry Pelham  was a British Whig statesman, who served as Prime Minister of Great Britain from 27 August 1743 to his death about ten years later.
This is a list of United States states by elevation.
United States right now has no official language, but, English is the most spoken national language.
The Household income in the United States is a measure of current private income commonly used by the United States government and private institutions.
Toxicology is the study of the negative effects of chemicals on living things.
Monte Carlo is the capital city of Monaco, and the largest city there.
Trickery is the act of misdirection  or an illusion .
Slideshow means a show of slides.
In photography, a slide is a a thin translucent photograph bound in paper, plastic or similar frame and often used for projection with use of a slide projector for a slideshow.
Slide could be related to any of these.
A slide projector is an instrument to view photographic slides.
A video projector takes a video signal and projects the corresponding image on a screen using a lens system.
A peanut is a type of nut.
The Trans-Asian Railway  is a project to build a freight railway across Europe and Asia.
The Wall Street Crash of 1929 was a stock market crash on the New York Stock Exchange on October 29, 1929.
Greater London is an administrative district.
The Chemical Weapons Convention  is an arms control agreement which outlaws the production, stockpiling and use of chemical weapons.
Levi Strauss  was a German-born American maker of clothing.
Princess Peach Toadstool  is a character in the Mario game series.
Princess Daisy is a character from the Super Mario video games series.
The fixed-dose procedure  was proposed in 1984 to test a substance's acute oral toxicity using fewer animals with less suffering than the older LD50 test which was developed in 1927.
Tentacle rape or shokushu goukan  is anime based pornography involving the rape of  women.
Neapolitan means "from the city of Naples in Italy".
Bel canto is a way of singing in opera.
Midori Days is an anime about a girl who falls in love so badly that when she dies she somehow wakes up attached to her love interest's right hand.
Matter is the substance or material of which all things are made.
Innocence is the opposite of guilt.
A symphonic poem or tone poem is a piece of orchestral music which has a story attached to it or describes something such as poem or a painting or any idea which is not music.
A melody in music is a tune.
Steven Paul Jobs  is the co-founder, chairman and CEO of Apple.
The Apostolic Palace, also called the Papal Palace or the Palace of the Vatican, is the official residence of the Pope in the Vatican City.
A G-string or thong is a narrow piece of cloth or leather, or plastic that passes between the buttocks.
A real or complex number is called transcendental number if it cannot be found as a result of an algebraic equation with integer coefficients.
Thongs are sandals that are also known as flip-flops.
In footwear and fashion, flip-flops are a kind of flat, backless sandal that consist of a flat sole held on the foot by a u-shaped strap that passes between the first  and second toes and around either side of the foot, attached to the sole at three points, commonly known as the thong strap.
Thong is a village in Kent, England.
A Hamlet is a a small settlement, smaller than a village.
The Recording Industry Association of America or RIAA is an organization that was created and paid for by large record companies.
Mar del Plata is a city of Argentina in the Buenos Aires Province.
Pope Boniface VIII (c.
In the fields of communications, signal processing, and in electrical engineering more generally, a signal is any time-varying quantity.
Eddie August Schneider  set the transcontinental airspeed record for pilots under the age of twenty-one in 1930.
Córdoba is a city located in the center of Argentina, about 700 km from Buenos Aires.
Air New Zealand is a big passenger airline from Auckland, New Zealand.
Air Jamaica is the national airline of Jamaica from Kingston, Jamaica.
Ecosystem valuation is a widely used tool to find out the impact of human activities on an environmental system.
An economist is someone who studies or has a job in economics, the study of how people make choices to satisfy their wants.
The Conservative Party is one of the main political parties in the United Kingdom.
A sandwich is a light snack prepared by placing various fillings between two pieces of bread.
Artillery is a word for big guns used in an army, for example cannons and howitzers.
The House of Lords is one of the two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom .
Acapulco is a town and sea port on the Pacific coast of Mexico, 300 km  southwest from Mexico City.
The Grail Sword is a mythological sword which has unclear origins as the Holy Grail  itself.
Deutsche Bahn AG is Europe's largest railway company.
The Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties is a contract of International law.
Amnesty International  is an international organisation.
Teletubbies is a BAFTA award winning BBC television show for toddlers.
FLAC  is a way to encode audio files.
The Enabling Act  was passed by Germany's parliament  on March 23, 1933.
Pulmonary hypertension or PH is a disease where there is high blood pressure in the lungs.
The "Decameron" is a collection of 100 short stories.
A lung transplant is a type of surgery.
Commodity is a term with distinct meanings in both business and in Marxian political economy.
Commodity markets are markets where raw or primary products are exchanged.
Political economy was the original term for the study of production, the acts of buying and selling, and their relationships to laws, customs and government.
The My Lai Massacre  was the killing of hundreds of civilians by United States troops at the village of My Lai, Vietnam on March 16, 1968.
Henry II of England  was the son of Geoffrey of Anjou and Empress Matilda.
Damascus is the Capital city of Syria.
A heart-lung transplant is a type of surgery to help people who have very sick hearts and lungs.
Ronald William George Barker , popularly known as Ronnie Barker and  Gerald Wiley, was an English comic actor and writer.
"This article is about the body of water.
Guantánamo or Guantanamo can mean different things .
Guantánamo is the easternmost province of Cuba.
Havana Province, , Cuba, is one of the provinces of Cuba.
Santiago de Cuba Province is the second most populated province in the island of Cuba.
Granma is one of the provinces of Cuba.
Vail is a town in the American state of Colorado.
Holguín is one of the provinces of Cuba, the second most populous after Ciudad de la Habana.
Las Tunas is one of the provinces of Cuba.
Paul Hartley  is a Scottish football player.
Camagüey is the largest of the provinces of Cuba.
Ciego de Ávila is one of the provinces of Cuba, and was previously part of Camagüey Province.
Sancti Spíritus is one of the provinces of Cuba.
Villa Clara is one of the provinces of Cuba.
Cienfuegos  is one of the provinces of Cuba.
Matanzas is one of the provinces of Cuba.
Pinar del Río is one of the provinces of Cuba.
The Isle of Youth  is the largest Cuban island after Cuba itself.
Georges Remi  also known as Hergé, was a cartoonist from Belgium.
Louisville, Kentucky is the largest city in the state of Kentucky in the USA.
Mount Rushmore is a famous mountain in the United States in South Dakota.
West Side Story is a famous American musical based on Romeo and Juliet.
Lorscheid is a village and a part of the Ruwer  near Trier in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Thrash metal is a type of heavy metal music, one of the extreme metal types of music, that is characterised by its high speed and aggression.
Anthrax is a thrash metal band from New York City, USA.
Heinrich Himmler  was the leader of the German SS and Gestapo organisation.
Scone  is a town in Perth and Kinross, Scotland.
A coronation is a ceremony that gives a monarch regal or royal power.
Perth and Kinross  is one of 32 unitary council areas in Scotland.
The Cylons are fictional robots on the science fiction television series "Battlestar Galactica".
The Gestapo was the official secret police of Nazi Germany.
Skrewdriver was a punk rock band formed in Blackpool, England in 1976 by Ian Stuart Donaldson.
Jarosław Kaczyński  was the Prime Minister of Poland .
Sierpc is a city in Poland in the Masovian Voivodeship.
Heart failure is when the heart cannot pump blood well.
George Bernard Shaw  was an Irish writer.
The Kalash  or Kalasha, are an ethnic group of the Hindu Kush mountain range.
The Tuareg Arabic:طوارق  are a Berber ethnic group.
In Finnish mythology, Kinahmi is a great whirl in sea.
Giovanni Boccaccio  was an Italian author and poet.
Hopwood is the name of a small settlement located in Worcestershire, England, south of Birmingham.
An integral helps to find out how much space is under a graph of something.
An aneurysm  is a blood-filled bulge of a blood vessel.
The prefrontal cortex is a part of the brain that helps to control behaviour.
Digimon is a Japanese anime television series.
Steve Ballmer , is the CEO of the Microsoft Corporation.
Tears are a liquid made by the body to clean and lubricate the eyes.
1203 is a year in the 13th century.
1208 is a year in the 13th century.
1211 is a year in the 13th century.
1213 is a year in the 13th century.
15 is a year in the 1st century.
16 is a year in the 1st century.
17 is a year in the 1st century.
18 is a year in the 1st century.
19 is a year in the 1st century.
20 is a year in the 1st century.
21 is a year in the 1st century.
22 is a year in the 1st century.
23 is a year in the 1st century.
24 is a year in the 1st century.
25 is a year in the 1st century.
26 is a year in the 1st century.
27 is a year in the 1st century.
28 is a year in the 1st century.
29 is a year in the 1st century.
31 is a year in the 1st century.
32 is a year in the 1st century.
33 is a year in the 1st century.
34 is a year in the 1st century.
36 is a year in the 1st century.
38 is a year in the 1st century.
Andrew Bonar Law  was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Bonar Law was elected to Parliament in 1900 as a member of the Conservative Party.
39 is a year in the 1st century.
The pulmonary artery is a blood vessel that connects the heart to the lungs.
Heart sounds are the sounds that the heart makes when it pumps blood.
An artery is a blood vessel that carries blood away from the heart to other parts of the body.
Jönköping is a city in Sweden.
Warwickshire  is a county in central England.
Doppler effect is a change in frequency and wavelength of a wave.
Monagas Sport Club is a club of football from Maturín, Venezuela.
Vättern is the second biggest lake in Sweden.
Uppsala is a city in Sweden.
The Summer of Love is the name for the summer of 1967 in the United States, especially in the Haight-Ashbury district of San Francisco, California.
Appenzell Innerrhoden is one of the twenty-six cantons of Switzerland.
A cataphile, also known as an urban explorer or "kata", is a person who illegally explores the catacombs underneath Paris, France.
Staffordshire  is a county in the West Midlands region of England.
A reign is the rule of a monarch .
The Late Cretaceous is a time period in geology.
The Thai language is the national and official language of Thailand and the mother tongue of the Thai people, Thailand's main ethnic group.
The New England Patriots are an American football team in the National Football League.
Digenea are a type of flatworms.
The Aspidogastrea (gr.
Theropods  are a group of bipedal saurischian dinosaurs.
In number theory, Iwasawa theory is a Galois module theory of ideal class groups, started by Kenkichi Iwasawa, in the 1950s, as part of the theory of cyclotomic fields.
In mathematics a ring is a certain kind of algebraic structure.
989 is a year in the 10th century.
988 is a year in the 10th century.
987 is a year in the 10th century.
986 is a year in the 10th century.
Pablo Neruda  was a Chilean poet who won the Nobel Prize for literature in 1971.
"The Truth about Nanjing" is a Japanese movie in the making.
The Nanking Massacre is a genocide that took place in Nanjing, China during the Second World War.
Neoliberalism is a term for different social and economic ideas.
In economics, a cartel is when a group of independent companies work together.
In economics, an oligopoly is when a market is controlled by a small number of sellers.
In economics, market structure  describes the state of a market with respect to competition.
Perfect competition is a market form.
Monopolistic competition is a market form.
Supply and demand is a model of microeconomics.
In economics, people talk about elasticity of supply, or demand, or of price.
Worcestershire  is a county in the West Midlands region of central England.
Zlín  is a town in the Czech Republic.
Metamorphosis in biology means the process of transformation of an insect or amphibian from an immature form to an adult form in two or more distinct stages.
Resilience generally means the ability to recover from some shock or disturbance.
St Andrews is a town, that has its name from Saint Andrew the Apostle and is a former royal burgh on the east coast of Fife, Scotland, and an important home of golf.
The element St Andrew, St.
The "Encyclopædia Britannica" Eleventh Edition  is perhaps the most famous edition of the "Encyclopædia Britannica".
Pontiac is an automobile manufacturer, owned by General Motors.
Buick is an automobile maker, owned by General Motors.
Cadillac is an automobile maker, owned by General Motors.
Chevrolet, also known as Chevy, is an automobile manufacturing company owned by General Motors.
A sportscar is a small, fast, quick-turning automobile.
Oldmobile was an automobile maker, owned by General Motors.
GMC is an automobile maker, owned by General Motors.
Saturn is an automobile maker, owned by General Motors, established on January 7, 1985.
Holden is an automobile maker, owned by General Motors.
HUMMER is a type of Sport utility vehicle, sold by General Motors.
Vauxhall is an car maker, owned by General Motors.
The Battle of Dunkirk took place in 1940, near the beginning of World War II.
The 1971 Bangladesh atrocities refer to the murder of many people in Bangladesh  and also unfair treatment carried out by the Pakistan National Army  during the Pakistan Civil War and Indo-Pakistani War of 1971.
Iwao Takamoto  was a Japanese-American animator, television producer, and film director.
The term mussel is used for several families of bivalve molluscs.
The gastropods, gasteropods, or univalves, are the largest and most successful class of mollusks.
Limpets are marine gastropod molluscs in the order Patellogastropoda.
Abalone  are a type of shellfish.
Shellfish is a culinary term for aquatic invertebrates used as food: molluscs, crustaceans, and echinoderms.
Alban Berg  was an Austrian composer.
Herefordshire  is a county in the West Midlands region of England.
A conch  or "konch" ) is a sea-dwelling mollusk.
Gloucestershire  is a county in South West England.
Cowry shells , are marine snails of the genus "Cypraea" , found chiefly in tropical regions.
Wiltshire  is a large southern county.
The County of West Midlands is a metropolitan county in western central England with a population of around 2,600,000 people.
A conurbation is an urban area that includes a number of cities, towns and villages which, through population growth and expansion, have physically merged to form one continuous built up area.
Dunkirk  is a harbour city in the northernmost part of France, in the department of Nord, 10 kilometres  from the Belgian border.
Limburg-Weilburg is a Landkreis  in the west of Hesse, Germany.
Elz is a municipality and a village in Hessen, Germany.
The cephalopods ; "head-foot") are the mollusk class Cephalopoda characterized by bilateral body symmetry, a prominent head, and a modification of the mollusk foot, a muscular hydrostat, into the form of arms or tentacles.
Cuttlefish are sea animals of the order Sepiida belonging to the Cephalopoda class .
Nautilus  is the common name of seveal cephalopods.
A logarithmic spiral, equiangular spiral or growth spiral is a special kind of spiral curve which often appears in nature.
The Small White  is a small to mid-sized butterfly of the Yellows and Whites Pieridae family.
The argonauts  are a group of pelagic octopuses.
Camouflage is the method that makes it very difficult to see an object that normally could be seen very well.
In biology, the extant taxon is a term used to refer to species, genera or families that are still in existence .
Echinoderms are a phylum  of animals that one can find at all depths of the oceans.
Das Rheingold  is an opera by Richard Wagner.
"Die Walküre"  is an opera by Richard Wagner.
"Siegfried" is an opera by Richard Wagner.
"Götterdämmerung" is an opera by Richard Wagner.
"Der Ring des Nibelungen" ) is a cycle of four operas by Richard Wagner.
In Finnish mythology, Väki means races of Haltijas  and their magical powers.
Desalinisation is a name used for various processes.
The Sudetenland was a mountainous area of Czechoslovakia.
1375 is a year in the 14th century.
Coral is a reddish or pinkish shade of orange.
Crimson is deep purplish red color between red and rose.
Rose is the color halfway between red and magenta on the color wheel.
Maroon is a dark red color.
Ochre or Ocher is a golden-yellow or light yellowish brown colour.
Teal is a deep bluish-green color; a dark cyan.
Navy blue or navy is a very dark shade of the color blue.
Lime is a yellowish green color.
Karl Jochen Rindt  was an Austrian racecar driver.
Claudio Arrau León  was a Chilean classical pianist and one of the greatest classical pianists of the 20th century.
Patriotism means loyalty of person to his/her own nation or the leaders of nation.
Misogyny means hating women.
Malmeneich is a village in Hesse, Germany.
United Parcel Service  is an American company that transports packages.
Gómez Pereira  was a Spanish philosopher, doctor, and humanist from Medina del Campo.
Spore is a computer game made by Will Wright.
"Tilia" is a genus of about 30 species of trees in the Northern Hemisphere, in Asia , Europe and eastern North America; it is absent from western North America.
In mathematics, the Cartesian coordinate system is used to determine each point uniquely in a plane through two numbers, usually called the "x-coordinate" and the "y-coordinate" of the point.
In mathematics, the polar coordinate system is a two-dimensional coordinate system in which each point on a plane is determined by an angle and a distance.
Gold or golden is a yellowish orange color, that is a bit like the color of the metal gold.
Cuba is divided into fourteen provinces and one special municipality.
Singing means making music with the voice.
The Amish, also known as Pennsylvania Dutch, are a group of people who prefer simple lifestyles.
Jeddah  is a Saudi Arabian city located on the coast of the Red Sea .
Vice-Admiral Horatio Nelson  was an English sea captain in the Royal Navy.
Turquoise is the color of the gem turquoise.
Amber is a yellowish-orange color that got its name from the material known as amber.
A sea captain, also known as a skipper, is the leader on a ship.
Djurgårdens IF is an Swedish football club.
The brain stem is the lowest part of the brain.
An ideology is a collection of beliefs shared by a group of people.
The colour amethyst is a moderate, transparent purple.
"This is an article about the colour mauve.
The Iran-Iraq War was a war between the armed forces of Iraq and Iran lasting from September 1980 to August 1988.
Germs are bacteria, amoeba, protozoa and other tiny  animals that can cause people to become sick.
Lavender is a shade of violet.
Lilac is a purple colour.
Dr.
Nicholas is a male first name.
A Freedom fighter is a person who thinks his native ethnic group is not free, and is working to have freedom for his group.
Wood grain describes the alignment, texture and appearance of the wood fibres.
In joinery, a groove is a slot or trench cut into a member which runs parallel to the grain.
Sepultura is a thrash metal/groove metal band from Brazil.
The Dalai Lama is a religious figure in Tibetan buddhism.
"Serenity" is a science fiction space western movie.
Joinery often refers to the part of woodworking that involves the joining together of parts of wood.
A subclass is a rank used in the biological taxonomy of all organisms.
George Grenville  was Prime Minister of Great Britain.
Harald III of Norway  was king of Norway.
A Captain is a military rank.
Wire rope consists of several strands laid  together like a helix.
Liekkiö  or Ihtiriekko is a ghost of a bastard child in Finnish mythology.
A bastard is a person who was born of parents who are not married to one another.
In formal number theory a Gödel numbering is a function which assigns to each symbol and formula of some formal language a unique natural number called a Gödel number .
In mathematics, logic, and computer science, a formal language is a language that is defined in a precise mathematical way.
In computer science, an alphabet is a finite set of characters or digits.
The empty string is the unique string of no characters over some alphabet Σ.
"Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats" is a book of poems about cats.
Concatenation is a simple concept from computer science.
In mathematics, the identity element  of a set is a special element of that set.
An inverse function is a concept of mathematics.
A countable set is a set which has the same cardinality  as the set of natural numbers.
A Computable function is a notion from computer science.
A pharmacist is a person who works in a pharmacy.
In Greek mythology, Thoosa was the name of the mother of the cyclops Polyphemus.
Perch is a type of fish.
Puce is a deep rose or brownish-purple colour.
Scarlet is a slightly orangish red colour.
Worship is a word often used in religion.
Tiberius Claudius Caesar Augustus Germanicus   was the fourth Roman Emperor of the Julio-Claudian dynasty.
Nero Claudius Caesar Augustus Germanicus , born Lucius Domitius Ahenobarbus, also called Nero for short, was the fifth and last Roman Emperor of the Julio-Claudian dynasty.
A trade union is an organisation or group of workers who join together to get better pay, hours, benefits, and working conditions.
An officer is a person who holds a high rank in a uniformed organisation like the military or police.
The tachi is a Japanese sword, which has a strongly curved blade and is longer than a katana.
Machaira was a rare mythic sword used in the Basileus cult.
Lucerne  is a city in Switzerland.
it it is east of west and west of east Eastern Hemisphere, also Eastern hemisphere, is a geographical term for the half of the Earth that is east of the Prime Meridian and west of the International Date Line.
Hertfordshire is a county in England.
The Early Jurassic is a geological time period.
In politics, a congress is the main legislative group that makes the laws for a state.
A personal digital assistant  is a handheld computer.
The Iberian Peninsula, or Iberia, is the southwest part of Europe.
Kimberly Kathleen Kardashian  is a American socialite.
Ilham Heydar oglu Aliyev  is the President of Azerbaijan.
The national flag of Armenia, the Armenian Tricolor, has three horizontal bands of equal width, red on the top, blue in the middle, and orange on the bottom.
Lake Sevan is a lake located in Armenia.
The Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia was a state formed in theMiddle Ages by Armenian refugees fleeing the Seljuk invasion of Armenia.
The Kingdom of Armenia was an independent kingdom from  190 BC to AD 165, and a client state of the Roman Empire from 165 to 428.
Jean Genet , was a French writer and later political activist.
Lisa Anne Loeb  is an American singer.
The Mountain Time Zone subtracts seven hours from UTC during standard time  and six hours during daylight saving time .
In Computer Science, a data structure is a method of storing and retrieving data.
Alexander Zivojinovich , better known as Alex Lifeson, is a Canadian musician.
Hepatitis C is a disease caused by a virus in a human blood called the "Hepatitis C virus".
Michel Foucault  was a French philosopher and historian from France.
XHTML stands for Extensible Hypertext Transfer Markup Language.
A suspension bridge is a type of bridge that has been made since ancient times as early as 100 AD.
Sangria is a dark slightly purplish red.
The coulomb  the SI unit of electric charge.
Leonhard Euler   was a Swiss mathematician and physicist.
Burgundy is a reddish shade of purple.
A pigment is something that is added to something else to give it color.
Sierra Nevada may also refer to beer produced by Sierra Nevada Brewing Company, a California brewery.
"Anarchy in the U.K." is a punk rock song by the Sex Pistols.
My Chemical Romance are a post-hardcore and alternative rock band from New Jersey.
Cobalt blue is a cool blue colour.
Sapphire is a very deep shade of blue.
Azure is a shade of blue.
Viridian is a blue-green color.
The tarsiers are prosimian primates.
Theoretical computer science is the a branch of Computer science.
A pedestrian is a person travelling on foot, whether walking or running.
Patti Deutsch  is American actress who is best known for appearing the television game show "Match Game" in the 1970s.
A body double is a person who works in the movie or television production industry.
An intergenerational conflict is either a conflict situation between teenagers and adults or a more abstract conflict between two generations, which often involves prejudices against another generation.
An intergenerational contract is an agreement between different generations.
Inca Rope bridges were simple suspension bridges over canyons and gorges to provide access for the Inca Empire.
Ewoks are a fictional race of small, bear-like creatures from George Lucas' "Star Wars" universe.
The Inca road system  of Peru was the most extensive among the many roads and trails that were constructed in pre-Columbian South America.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
Jason was a hero of Greek mythology.
A color code is a system for displaying information by using different colors.
Complementary colours are pairs of opposite colours.
Decriminalize is to make something that at one time was illegal, legal.
Battledress is a general term for the military uniform worn into combat, as opposed to 'display' dress and formal uniforms worn at parades and functions.
SketchUp is a 3D modelling program made for architects, engineers, and filmmakers.
Islamism is group of ideologies that say that Islamic nations should be run by sharia .
Poitiers is a town on the Clain River in west central France.
Valence-sur-Rhône is a city in the south of France.
An anvil is a hard piece of metal which is used as a workbench when making things out of iron or steel.
The Inca Empire was the largest empire in pre-Columbian America, and was large even by world standards.
The pre-Columbian era means the history and prehistory of the Americas before there were important European influences on the American continent.
Duct tape is a very strong adhesive tape with a cloth backing.
A text editor is a program that is run on a computer that can create and change text.
In Chemistry, Valence  is the number of chemical bonds the atoms of a certain element can form.
Valence is a village in France, in Poitou-Charentes.
Valence is a village in the Midi-Pyrénées region of France.
Valence-d'Albigeois is a village in the department off Tarn, in French region Midi-Pyrénées.
Valence-en-Brie is a village in the Île-de-France region in France.
Valence-sur-Baïse is a city in the Gers department of the Midi-Pyrénees region in France.
Bastides are fortified towns.
In architecture, an Arcade is a passage or a walkway that is covered by arches or vaults.
Camouflage is a type of clothing, fabric covering, or painted pattern used by militaries and armies to make it harder to see soldiers and weapons such as artillery guns and military vehicles.
The Assyrian Genocide was a genocide by the Ottoman Empire, the estimates ranged from 650,000 and higher Assyrians that were killed during the raids and massacres.
The Democratic Republic of Georgia , 1918–1921, was the first modern establishment of a Republic of Georgia.
Alternative rock is a type of rock music that became popular in the 1980s and became widely popular in the 1990s.
Anne Sullivan  was a teacher best known as the tutor of Helen Keller.
The Belgrade Philharmonic Orchestra was founded in 1923.
Futrono is one of the 12 municipalities of Valdivia province in the Los Lagos Region of Chile.
Tigranes the Great    was the king of Armenia his country became for a short time the strongest state in the Roman East.
George Canning  was a British statesman and politician who served as Foreign Secretary and, briefly, Prime Minister.
The Chester city walls are big intact defensive walls around an important English city of Chester.
Physicalism is the view that everything in the universe is made out of physical stuff.
A herd is a large group of animals.
Ungulates  are several groups of mammals most of which use the tips of their toes, usually hoofed, to sustain their whole bodyweight whilst moving.
Aylesbury is the county town of Buckinghamshire in south central England.
Augusta is an American city located in the state of Georgia.
Landsberg Prison is a prison located in the town of Landsberg am Lech in the southwest of the German state of Bavaria.
Melun is a city in France.
Midi-Pyrenees  is a region in the south of France.
Alsace  is one of the 26 "régions" of France.
Lorraine is one of the regions of France.
Auvergne is a region of France.
Basse-Normandie  is one of the administrative Regions of France.
Centre is a region of France.
Champagne-Ardenne is a region in the north of France.
Franche-Comte  is a region of France.
Haute-Normandie is a region of France.
Limousin is one of the regions of France.
Languedoc-Roussillon is a region of France.
Poitou-Charentes is a region of France.
Nord-Pas-de-Calais  is a region of France.
Picardie is a region of France.
Pays de la Loire  is one of the 26 regions of France.
Rhône-Alpes is a region of France.
Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur is a region of France.
Île-de-France is a region of France.
Pont-l'évêque is a soft cheese from Normandy.
Livarot is a cheese from Normandy.
Ajaccio , pronounced "ah-YAH-cho", is a town of France.
"This article is about the visible spectrum.
Arshak II   was the son of Diran.
Tiridates III  was the king of Armenia , and was also known as Tiridates the Great.
Hagia Sophia, was an early Christian church and later an Eastern Orthodox church.
Incense is a fuel that is burned to make a smell.
Derbyshire is a county in the East Midlands of England.
West Yorkshire is a metropolitan county in the Yorkshire and the Humber region of England.
South Yorkshire is a metropolitan county in the Yorkshire and the Humber region of England, in the north.
A salad is a serving in a meal that includes leaf vegetables such as lettuce, spinach, or arugula.
Nottinghamshire  is a county in the East Midlands, which borders South Yorkshire, North Lincolnshire, Lincolnshire, Leicestershire and Derbyshire.
The Pennines are a mountain range in England.
The International Phonetic Alphabet  is a system of phonetic notation created by the International Phonetic Association.
The Lake District, also known as The Lakes or Lakeland, is a rural area in north west England.
Chosroes III The Small , was the son of Tiridates III, was a member of the Arshakuni Dynasty and the king of Armenia from 330 – 339 AD.
Queen Isabella of Armenia (died c.
Argishti II of Urartu was king of the Urartun empire from 714 to 680 BC.
Xerxes  was the King of Sophene and son of Arsames II.
Yorkshire and the Humber is one of the regions of England.
Sophene  was a province of the Armenian Kingdom and of the Roman Empire, located in the south-west of the kingdom.
The Seleucid Empire was a Hellenistic successor state of Alexander the Great's dominion.
Westmorland  is an area of north west England and one of the 39 historic counties of England.
The historic counties of England are ancient subdivisions of England.
The Ceremonial counties of England are areas of England are defined by the government with reference to the metropolitan and non-metropolitan counties of England.
The counties of England are territorial divisions of England for administrative, political and geographical purposes.
The title Lord Lieutenant is given to the British monarch's personal representatives around the United Kingdom, usually in a county, with varying tasks throughout history.
is a female video game character, who stars in the "Metroid" series.
"Metroid" is a series of video games made by the video game company Nintendo.
The Michelson-Morley experiment was a scientific experiment to find the speed of a substance called Aether.
Hydrogen sulfide , H2S, is a colorless, toxic, flammable gas that is responsible for the foul smell of rotten eggs and flatulence.
William Petty, 1st Marquess of Lansdowne, KG, PC  was a British Whig statesman and Prime Minister of Great Britain.
William Henry Cavendish Cavendish-Bentinck, 3rd Duke of Portland,  was a British Whig and Tory statesman and Prime Minister of Great Britain.
Noob is a slang term for a new person in a community, group, or video game, and especially on the internet .
A bodhisattva according to Buddhism is a Buddhist who has attained enlightenment, but who as a selfless act, delays his or her entry to Nirvana  for the sake of others.
Tackey & Tsubasa  is a Japanese pop duo from Johnny & Associates.
Fruits Basket is a Japanese manga and anime series.
This article is about the fictional characters from J.
Feudalism is a system by which a nobility of warriors ruled Europe during the Middle Ages.
Leo  III of Armenia  was king of the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia, ruling from 1270 to 1289.
Armens , were Armenian tribes, the people are called as Arman, Armenic or Armanen.
The history of Armenia and Armenians is very ancient and can go back at least 2000 BC.
The Democratic Republic of Armenia , 1918–1920, was the first modern establishment of an Armenian republic.
Georgian  is the official language of Georgia, a country in the Caucasus.
Mount Ararat is the tallest peak in modern Turkey.
South Caucasus, also referred to as Transcaucasia or Transcaucasus, is the southern portion of the Caucasus region between Europe and Asia, extending from the Greater Caucasus to the Turkish and Iranian borders, between the Black and Caspian Seas.
The name Mongols  explains one or more ethnic groups.
La Liga is a football league which is top division in Spain.
Stanley Marcus  was the president of the Neiman-Marcus company, a store in the United States that sells expensive clothing and objects.
Saint Martin , officially the Collectivity of Saint Martin , is a new overseas collectivity of France.
Sint Maarten  is the name of the territory of the southern half of the island of St.
The Overseas collectivities , are an administrative division of France.
Saint-Barthélemy, officially the Collectivity of Saint-Barthélemy , is a new overseas collectivity of France.
Hispaniola is an island located in the Caribbean Sea.
Juventus F.C.
Thomas Pelham-Holles, 1st Duke of Newcastle-upon-Tyne and 1st Duke of Newcastle-under-Lyne, KG, PC  was a British Whig statesman and the Prime Minister of Great Britain) two times.
William Cavendish, 4th Duke of Devonshire'", KG, PC  was a British Whig statesman who was Prime Minister of Great Britain for a short period of time.
John Stuart, 3rd Earl of Bute, KG, PC  was a Scottish nobleman.
Spencer Compton, 1st Earl of Wilmington, KG, KB, PC  was a British Whig statesman and Prime Minister of Great Britain.
Charles Watson-Wentworth, 2nd Marquess of Rockingham, KG, PC  was a British Whig statesman.
Frederick North, 2nd Earl of Guilford, KG, PC , more often known by his courtesy title, Lord North, was Prime Minister of Great Britain from 1770 to 1782.
A Newtonian telescope is a type of telescope that was invented by the English scientist Sir Isaac Newton.
Project management is the way one organizes and manages resources that are necessary to complete a project.
Vitré is a city in the East of Brittany, France.
Shiver me timbers is an expression mostly used by pirates that means something like 'No way'! Originally, the phrase was Shiver my timbers.
"Carcharodontosaurus" was a giant carnivorous dinosaur of Cretaceous period.
Astika  and Nastika:  are technical terms in Hinduism used to classify philosophical schools and persons, according to whether they accept the authority of the Vedas as supreme revealed scriptures, or not.
"Capsicum" is a genus of plants from the nightshade family .
Cinnamomum is a genus of evergreen trees and shrubs.
The London Stock Exchange  is a stock exchange in London, England.
"The 4400" is a science fiction television series.
"Foyle's War" is a detective show, running from October 27, 2002 to now.
The Giant Anteater is an animal that lives in South America.
Sanctuary is a future Science fiction television series to be shown on the Internet.
William Lamb, 2nd Viscount Melbourne  was a Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.
theSilicon Valley is the southern part of the San Francisco Bay Area in Northern California in the United States.
In biology, especially in electrophysiology, a signal or biopotential is an electric quantity , that is caused by chemical reactions of charged ions.
Robert Arthur Talbot Gascoyne-Cecil, 3rd Marquess of Salisbury  was a Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.
Electrophysiology is the study of the electrical properties of biological cells and tissues.
Ion channels are pore-forming proteins that help to establish and control the small voltage gradient across the plasma membrane of all living cells  by allowing the flow of ions down their electrochemical gradient.
An episode is a part of a dramatic work such as a television or radio program.
Henry Addington, 1st Viscount Sidmouth, PC  was a British statesman.
Augustus Henry FitzRoy, 3rd Duke of Grafton'", KG, PC  was a British Whig statesman.
William Wyndham Grenville, 1st Baron Grenville PC , was a British Whig statesman and Prime Minister.
Robert Banks Jenkinson, 2nd Earl of Liverpool  was an English politician and the longest serving Prime Minister of the United Kingdom  During his time as Prime Minister from 1812 to 1827, Liverpool became known for hard rules he put in place to restore order, but he also led the country through the bad period that followed the Napoleonic Wars.
Frederick John Robinson, 1st Earl of Ripon PC  was a British statesman and Prime Minister of the United Kingdom .
Field Marshal Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington, KG, GCB, GCH, PC, FRS (c.
Charles Grey, 2nd Earl Grey, KG, PC  was a British Whig statesman and Prime Minister.
John Russell, 1st Earl Russell, KG, GCMG, PC  was an English Whig and Liberal politician.
Henry John Temple, 3rd Viscount Palmerston, KG, GCB, PC  was a British statesman who served twice as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in the mid-19th century.
George Hamilton-Gordon, 4th Earl of Aberdeen, KG, KT, PC  was a Scottish Tory/Peelite politician.
Edward George Geoffrey Smith-Stanley, 14th Earl of Derby, KG, PC  was an English statesman.
Archibald Philip Primrose, 5th Earl of Rosebery, KG, PC  was a British Liberal statesman and Prime Minister .
The Rt.Hon.
The United States Census Bureau  is a part of the United States government that is responsible for the United States Census.
Signal processing is the analysis, interpretation and manipulation of signals.
Henri Troyat, born Levon Aslan Torossian or Lev Aslanovich Tarasov,  was a French author, biographer, historian and novelist.
Rondônia is a state in Brazil.
Singular is a form of the noun that shows that there is only one.
The 26 cantons of Switzerland are the states of the country of Switzerland.
The Nervous system is a system.
Alexandre Dumas, fils ,  was the son of Alexandre Dumas, père, père is French for "father").
Conjunctivitis  is a medical condition when the "Conujunctiva"  becomes inflamed.
Cerulean is a range of colours from deep blue, sky-blue, bright blue or azure to greenish blue.
John Barrowman  is a Scottish-American actor.
A swamp is part of a wetland ecosystem.
Diego Rivera  was a famous Mexican painter and muralist.
David Alfaro Siqueiros  was a famous painter and muralist.
Avenged Sevenfold  is an American metal and hard rock band.
A siege is what happens when a group of people surround another group of people and stop them from escaping, or getting food and water.
The River Hull is a river in Yorkshire in the north of England.
A hull is the body of a ship or boat.
In physics, buoyancy is the upward force on an object produced by the surrounding fluid  in which it is fully or partially immersed, due to the pressure difference of the fluid between the top and bottom of the object.
The Asura are a group of supernatural creatures in Hinduism and Buddhism.
ICBM is an acronym.
When talking about geography the elevation of a certain point is how high it is compared to some reference point.
Bastila Shan is a character from the "Star Wars" universe.
Darth Revan is a character from the "Star Wars" universe.
Kraft Foods is a business that makes packaged food.
Soft drinks  is a carbonated drink made from concentrates and sugar.
The Academy Award for Best Picture is one of the Academy Awards.
The Academy Award for Best Picture is one of the Academy Awards.
The Academy Award for Best Picture is one of the Academy Awards.
The Academy Award for Best Picture is one of the Academy Awards.
The Academy Award for Best Picture is one of the Academy Awards.
The Academy Award for Best Picture is one of the Academy Awards.
The Academy Award for Best Picture is one of the Academy Awards.
The Academy Award for Best Picture is one of the Academy Awards.
The Academy Award for Best Picture is one of the Academy Awards.
Sampling is a method used in statistics to choose data from a data source.It is a process of selecting a sample from a population.Sampling reduces the demand on resources like finance, manpower, duration and materials.
Lexington is the second largest city in Kentucky, with around 268,080 people living there.
Toby Keith Covel  is an American country music singer and songwriter.
Redhead is a person with red or reddish hair.
Owen Spencer-Thomas was born on March 3, 1940 in Braughing, Hertfordshire, England.
Frederick John Inman  was an English actor.
Edward Abbey was a writer.
This is a list of Members of Parliament  elected to the House of Commons for the Fifty-Fourth Parliament of the United Kingdom at the 2005 general election, held on 5 May 2005.
Rio de Janeiro is one of the 26 states of Brazil.
The Bretons are a distinct ethnic group located in the region of Brittany in France.
The West Midlands is an official Region of England, covering the western half of the Midlands.
Midlands could be in general the central region of any territory.
Jaworzno is a city in Poland in Silesia voivodship.
The volt  is the SI derived unit of electric potential difference or electromotive force.
A music competition is an event in which people compete for prizes by performing music.
An adjudicator is someone who decides on a winner at a competition for music or theatre.
Eduard Hanslick  was a famous music critic.
"The Fairly OddParents" is an animated television series created by Butch Hartman in 2001 for the Nickelodeon cable television network.
The Invasion of Poland in 1939 was a military offensive in which Nazi Germany and later the Soviet Union invaded Poland.
The Winter War  was a conflict fought between the Soviet Union and Finland.
A Joiner is a person who makes woodwork that is used for buildings.
Stairs, staircase, stairway, stairwell, and flight of stairs are all names for a construction designed to bridge a large vertical distance by dividing it into smaller vertical distances, called steps.
Minas Gerais is one of the 26 states of Brazil.
Ceará is one of the 26 states of Brazil.
Espírito Santo is one of the states of southeastern Brazil.
Goiás is a state of Brazil, located in the central part of the country.
Maranhão is one of the states of Brazil.
Mato Grosso is one of the states of Brazil.
Hassium is a chemical element.
Roraima is one of the states of Brazil.
Santa Catarina is a state in Southern Brazil.
A trail is a pedestrian path or road mainly used for walking, but often also for cycling, cross-country skiing or other activities.
"The Pardoner's Prologue and Tale" is a story that is a part of the "The Canterbury Tales" About the Pardoner.
Final Fantasy XII is a fantasy role-playing video game for the Playstation 2.
"Final Fantasy IX" is a fantasy role-playing video game for the Playstation.
Final Fantasy is a fantasy role-playing video game.
Final Fantasy II is a fantasy role-playing video game.
Final Fantasy III is a fantasy role-playing video game.
Final Fantasy IV is a fantasy role-playing video game.
Final Fantasy V is a fantasy role-playing video game.
Final Fantasy VI is a fantasy role-playing video game.
Final Fantasy VIII is a fantasy role-playing video game.
"Final Fantasy X" is a fantasy role-playing video game made by Square Enix.
Final Fantasy X-2 is a fantasy role-playing video game.
Final Fantasy XI is a fantasy role-playing video game.
A ditch is created to channel water and can be described as a small or moderate depression.
This gallery of flags of Brazilian states shows the flags of the 26 Brazilian States and the federal district.
is a Japanese manga and anime series created by CLAMP.
Brossard is a city near Montreal in the Canadian province of Quebec.
Anton Bruckner (born Ansfelden, Austria, 4 September 1824; died Vienna, 11 October 1896 was an Austrian composer.
In music a Rondo is a piece of music which has one main theme, which is heard several times, and other musical ideas in between each time.
You can help Wikipedia by making this page or section more simple.
In music, a melisma is the technique of singing one syllable to a lot of notes.
A spinet is a small kind of harpsichord.
United Artists is a Hollywood movie company.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc., or MGM, is an American media company.
An apostle is a messenger and ambassador.
The European/South American Cup, commonly called the Intercontinental Cup or Toyota Cup, was a football competition by UEFA and CONMEBOL.
Hafizullah Amin   was the second President of Afghanistan.
Paraíba is one of the states of Brazil.
Mato Grosso do Sul is one of the states of Brazil.
A swimming pool is a tank or large basin that is filled with water and intended for recreational or competitive swimming or diving.
Danny Elfman  is an American singer-songwriter and composer.
A speciality contract is a legal document that must be written or printed and signed by everyone involved in an agreement for a certain purpose.
FIFA 07 is a Sony PlayStation 2, Xbox 360, GameCube, Game Boy Advance, Nintendo DS, PlayStation Portable and Microsoft Windows game that features world beat music and fun football action.
Ralph Waldo Emerson  was an American author, poet, and philosopher.
A bushranger was a thief who lived in the Australian bush.
The bush is a word used to describe land where people do not live or land away from cities.
Moondyne Joe was a bushranger from Western Australia who was born in 1826 and died in 1900.
Fremantle is a port city in Western Australia.
Standard deviation is a concept from statistics.
Centuries: 2nd century BC - 1st century BC - 1st century Decades: 100s BC 90s BC 80s BC 70s BC 60s BC - 50s BC - 40s BC 30s BC 20s BC 10s BC 0s Years: 57 BC 56 BC 55 BC 54 BC - 53 BC - 52 BC 51 BC 50 BC 49 BC 48 BC 47 BC .
"Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows" is the seventh and last book in J.
He is a third-person singular pronoun used to talk about a male.
The Swan River is an important river in Western Australia.
The city was first mentioned in the 8th century.
Dirk Nowitzki  is a German basketball player.
Volkach is a town in Lower Franconia, Bavaria, in Germany.
Ochsenfurt is a town in the district of Würzburg, in Bavaria, Germany.
Kitzingen is a district in Bavaria, Germany.
Haflinger are an all-round breed of horse.
Kevin Kuranyi (born 1982 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil is a Brazilian - German footballer.
Kickers Wurzburg is one of the most traditional football clubs in Franconia.
Chico is a big city in the American state of California.
Repperndorf is a village in Regierungsbezirk, Lower Franconia, Bavaria, Germany.
Großlangheim is a small village in Bavaria, Germany.
Falun Gong  is a spiritual discipline from China.
Deflation means that generally the prices of products are going down.
A chemical symbol is the shortform of the name of an element.
Secretary of State is a title for a government official.
An official is someone who holds an office (i.e.
Snuff is a kind of tobacco which is sniffed instead of smoked.
"The Nose" is an opera by Dmitri Shostakovich.
A video game developer is a person who makes games on computers and other game systems.
A video game publisher is a company that publish games that they have made or that they have bought to be made by a video game developer.
Cork is a city in County Cork in the Republic of Ireland.
County Cork is the largest county in Ireland in terms of size.
Genies or jinns or djinns are supposed to be magical beings without free will.
Suikoden is a series of role playing video games made by Japanese company Konami.
Kendo' is a popular sport originating in Japan.
Paleontology or Palaeontology is the study of fossils such as those of prehistoric animals and plants.
The Cotswolds is a range of hills in central England, sometimes called the "Heart of England", a hilly area reaching over 300 m.
Piauí is one of the 26 states of Brazil.
Rio Grande do Norte is one of the 26 states of Brazil.
The Brazilian Federal District is is a part of Brazil that is used for Brasília, the capital city.
Hiromu Shinozuka  is a Japanese manga artist.
Zvečan is a town in north Kosovo, Serbia, near Kosovska Mitrovica.
Rosario is a city located in the center-east of Argentina, about 300 km NW from Buenos Aires.
Gymnastics is a sport which involves running, jumping, tumbling, somersaulting, and balancing.
Atahuallpa or Atawallpa (c.
"Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg"  is an opera by Richard Wagner.
Allahu Akbar is a Muslim saying.
A shire is an administrative area of Great Britain and Australia.
Fairy Tail is a shônen manga published in the Weekly Shônen Jump.
The viol ,  is a kind of string instrument that was played with a bow.
Mail, or chainmail, is a type of armour.
The Regnitz is a river in Bavaria, Germany.
Geir Ivarsøy  was the main programmer at Opera Software.
A color wheel is a circular chart that shows primary and secondary colors.
A rerun is a repeat of the same broadcast media, when that program is played again.
A cutaway in filming is a camera shot that interrupts the program.
Cherie Blair, QC was born September 23 1954 in Bury, England.
Since 1949 , Slovakia has been divided into a number of "kraje" .
An okres  is an administrative unit of Slovakia.
Žilina  is a city in northwestern Slovakia.
Renting  is where someone pays money to use something for a definite amount of time.
A firearm  is a device that can be used as a weapon that fires either single or several projectiles propelled at high speed by the gases produced through rapid burning of explosive material.
Black powder was the original gunpowder and practically the only known explosive until the middle of the 19th century.
Prešov  is a city in eastern Slovakia.
Trnava  is a city in western Slovakia, around 50 km from the capital Bratislava.
Nitra ) is a city in western Slovakia  situated at the foot of Zobor Mountain in the Nitra River valley.
Trenčín  is a town in western Slovakia  on the Váh river.
Banská Bystrica , is a large town in central Slovakia, on the Hron river.
Social realism is a genre in fiction, art, architecture, movies and plays.
Peanut Butter Jelly Time is one of the most famous Flash animations in the world.
The Scottish Premier League  is a professional competition for football clubs.
There are six metropolitan counties in England, which each cover large urban areas, typically with populations of 1.2 to 2.8 million.
A unitary authority is a type of local authority that is responsible for all local government functions within its area.
Administrative division is a term for an administrative region within a country — on a level below that of the sovereign state — typically with a local government with a certain degree of autonomy.
A County council is the elected administrative body governing an area known as a county.
The Church of Scientology  was started by the American science fiction writer L Ron Hubbard in the year 1954.
John Dolmayan  is a musician.
Lafayette Ronald Hubbard  was an American science fiction writer and creator of Dianetics.
This is a list of episodes for the Nickelodeon television program "SpongeBob SquarePants".
The East Midlands is one of the regions of England and consists of most of the eastern half of the traditional region of the Midlands.
Pirates of the Caribbean is a franchise by Disney.
Greater Nottingham is a conurbation based around the city of Nottingham in Nottinghamshire, England.
Hanau is a town in Hesse, Germany.
John Montagu, 4th Earl of Sandwich was born on November 3, 1718 and died on April 30, 1792 in Great Britain.
Nottingham is a city  in the East Midlands of England.
Nottingham also refers to a housing cooperative in Madison, WI.
"Little Red Riding Hood" is a famous fairy tale for young children.
Dettelbach is a town in Bavaria, Germany where about 4500 people live.
Albertshofen or "Höpper" is a village in the Kitzingen district of Lower Franconia, Bavaria.
Kitzingen is a town in Franconia, Bavaria, Germany with about 21,000 people.
Wiesenbronn is a village in the Kitzingen district of Bavaria.
Mainsondheim is a village near Kitzingen in Lower Franconia, Bavaria, Germany.
Neuhof an der Zenn is a small village in the Neustadt -Bad Windsheim district of Bavaria, Germany.
Geiselwind is a small town in Lower Franconia, Bavaria with 2,323 people.
Markt Einersheim is a village in Lower Franconia, Bavaria, Germany where about 1500 people live.
Mainbernheim is a small German town.
Robert College, also called RC is an American high school in Istanbul, Turkey.
A demonym or gentilic is a word used for people or the inhabitants of a place.
The Gettysburg Address is a speech given by U.S.
Gabriel Urbain Fauré  was a French composer, organist, pianist, and music teacher.
A music critic is someone who writes about concerts that have taken place or new music that has been written.
Pete Maravich, also known as "Pistol Pete" Maravich, was an American basketball player.
John Batman  was an Australian farmer and businessman who was one of the first white people to live in Melbourne.
Leamington Spa  is a town in Warwickshire, UK.
Violence is a term used to describe attacking people.
The Pegnitz is a small river in Upper Franconia, Bavaria, Germany.
Palaemon was a minor Greek sea god.
William Wordsworth  was an important poet of the Romantic Age in English literature.
The Short Parliament in English history lasted from April 13 to May 5 1640.
Edison Arantes do Nascimento or Pelé was a footballer from Brazil.
A rain shadow is an area of land that lies behind a mountain that gets most of the rainfall.
A lesson in school is a planned period of time for learning.
Marián Hossa  is a Slovak professional ice hockey player.
The term fashion is used to describe a way of expressing language, wearing clothing, or behaving.
"The Good Life" was the name of several television series, including .
South West England is one of the regions of England.
There are thirteen provinical and territorial capitals in Canada, one for each province and territory.
South East England is one of the nine official regions of England.
North-East England is one of the nine official regions of England and includes the combined area of Northumberland, County Durham, Tyne and Wear and a small part of North Yorkshire.
Sussex is a historic county in South East England.
The Kingdom of Sussex'", ("Suth Seaxe", i.e.
Annals  are a short form of historical writing which record events chronologically, year by year.
Marcus Tullius Cicero  was a Roman statesman, lawyer, political theorist and philosopher.
In boxing, the term heavyweight is used for a specific group of people based on weight.
Genealogy is the study of family history.
Niels Bohr  was a famous Danish physicist who helped discover quantum physics, the structure of the atom, and the atomic bomb.
Świnoujście is a town in Pomerania, northwestern Poland, with about 42,000 people .
Sky Odyssey is an action/adventure flight simulator  for the SonyPlayStation 2.
A landform is a word that describes a form of land.
The Piri Reis map is a map of the world drawn by a Turk named Piri Reis  in 1513.
"Shadow of the Colossus" is a Japanese-made action-adventure videogame made and sold by Sony Computer Entertainment  for the PlayStation 2.
A Verbandsgemeinde  is an administrative unit unique to the German Bundesland  of Rhineland-Palatinate.
A Requiem  is a eucharist service in the Roman Catholic church to remember someone who has died.
Middle C is the name given to the musical note C which is in the middle of the piano keyboard.
A principality  is a country which is ruled by a prince or princess.
Count Vladimir III  was Prince  of Wallachia.
The Fertile Crescent is a historical region in the Middle East that includes the Levant, Mesopotamia and Ancient Egypt.
In art and symbolism, a crescent is generally the shape produced when a circular disk has a segment of another circle removed from its edge, so that what remains is a shape enclosed by two circular arcs of different diameters which intersect at two points .
Crescent is a shape, form or symbol.
The Levant  is an imprecise geographical term historically referring to a large area in the Middle East south of the Taurus Mountains, bounded by the Mediterranean Sea on the west, and by the northern Arabian Desert and Upper Mesopotamia to the east.
This is a disambiguation page.
The Jordan River  is a river in Southwest Asia that flows through the Great Rift Valley into the Dead Sea.
Muslim history began in Arabia when Muhammad recited the Quran in the 7th century.
The history of Christianity is the history of the Christian religion and the Christian church, from Jesus and his apostles to our times.
The purpose of this timeline is to give a detailed account of Christianity from the beginning to the present.
List of coats of arms of the 24 districts and the 12 urban districts in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany .
The word "schism" , from the Greek σχίσμα, "skhísma" , means a division or a split, usually in an organization or a movement.
Proselyte, from Greek "προσήλυτος/proselytos", is used in the Septuagint for "stranger", i.e.
The Twelve Apostles  were men that according to the Synoptic Gospels and Christian tradition, were chosen from among the disciples  of Jesus for a mission.
A dogma is something that should not to be disputed or doubted.
Dogma is belief accepted by a religion or ideology as the only correct one.
A state religion  is a religious group or creed officially accepted by the state.
In music the word mass means a piece of music, to be sung by a choir, which uses the words of the church service known as the Eucharist.
An Ecumenical Council  or general council is a meeting of the bishops of the church of the whole world who have come together to discuss matters of Church doctrine and practice.
Camille Saint-Saens   was a French composer, pianist and organist.
Fly to the Sky  is a South Korean R&B duo.
Abraham "Bram" Stoker  was an Irish writer, best remembered as the author of the influential horror novel "Dracula".
Criss Angel  is an American illusionist, stunt performer, and musician.
TVXQ  is a five-member Korean-Pop boy band active in South Korea and Japan.
Ayumi Hamasaki  is a Japanese female singer.
Love Generation  was a dramatic Japanese television series on Fuji Television.
Psyche  is a mortal woman in Greek mythology.
Thomas Hopkins Gallaudet  was an American teacher and the founder of the American School for the Deaf.
Annelids are a phylum of Invertebrates.
Polychateta  are a class of annelids.
The lugworm or sandworm is a large marine worm of the phylum Annelida.
The Common clam worm  is a widely distributed polychaete worm.
Protozoa, from Greek language "first life", are very simple organisms.
It can also stand for huge worms in the book Dune by Frank Herbert, see Sandworm  .
Hematophagy is the habit of certain animals to feed on blood.
Crinoids, also known as "sea lilies" or "feather-stars", are marine animals.
The Yorkshire Dales  is the name given to an upland area, mostly in Yorkshire, in Northern England.
Suwanee is a city in the American state of Georgia.
Cumming is a city in the American state of Georgia.
Athens is a city in the American state of Georgia.
Anaerobic digestion  is the process of decomposition of material in an environment without oxygen.
Clarke County is a county in the American state of Georgia.
Forsyth County is a county in the American state of Georgia.
Johns Creek is a city in the American state of Georgia.
"The Black Parade" is a 2006 album by the band, My Chemical Romance.
Biogas means a gas produced by the anaerobic digestion or fermentation of organic matter in an environment without oxygen.
A liturgy is a ceremony, according to the traditions of a particular group or event.
"This article is about mass as a ceremony, for other uses see: Mass " Mass is the term used to describe celebration of the Eucharist in the Western liturgical rites of the Roman Catholic Church, Old Catholic Churches, in the Anglo-Catholic tradition of Anglicanism, and in some largely High Church Lutheran regions: in Scandinavian and Baltic countries the Lutheran Eucharistic service is also known as "the Mass".
The woodpecker is a type of bird.
Piri Reis   was an Ottoman-Turkish admiral and cartographer born between 1465 and 1470 in Gallipoli on the Aegean coast of Turkey.
Walter Stanborough Sutton  was an American biologist.
Darth Maul is a character from the "Star Wars" universe.
Probe droids are robots in the "Star Wars" movies.
Count Dooku of Serenno  is a character from the "Star Wars" universe.
The Clone Wars was a period in the Star Wars movies.
Prokaryote is a word that describes a type of cell.
Cuttlebone is a hard brittle structure found inside cuttlefish.
Decapodiformes is a superorder of Cephalopoda.
Octopodiformes is a group of cephalopods with 8 arms.
Vampyromorphida is an order of cephalopods.
Diana Burrell  is an English composer.
In biology, a solution is called hypotonic if there are less solutes in it compared to the solution inside a cell.
Saint James, son of Zebedee (d.
The Vampire Squid ("Vampyroteuthis infernalis", lit.
Gwinnett County is a county in the American state of Georgia.
The University of Georgia is a university that is in and around Athens, Georgia.
Gerhard Hendrik Armauer Hansen  was a Norwegian doctor and scientist who was famous for discovering the bacteria that causes leprosy in 1873.
A fire station is a building where firefighters and firetrucks are.
"This is about a fence.
Princeton University is a private university that is in Princeton, New Jersey in the United States.
Dill  is a short-lived annual herb that is often used to make food taste better.
Mummification is a process.
A bandage is strip of cloth or other material that is used to stop and absorb blood from wounds.
Xenophobia is a phobia.
The Confederacy of Independent Systems  was an organization that appeared in the "Star Wars" movies.
Hedone in Greek mythology  was the daughter of Amor and Psyche.
The Acient Greeks believed that the Psyche  was responsible for behaviour.
Priština  is the largest and the capital city of Kosovo.
Seep tube worms  are related to the giant tube worms.
Giant tube worms are annelids.
The Trans-Siberian Railway or Trans-Siberian Railroad is a set of railways that goes from Moscow and European Russia to the Russian Far East provinces, Mongolia, China and the Sea of Japan.
A solution is hypertonic when there are more solutes outside of a cell than inside.
A nuclear reaction is a process from physics.
St.
A greenhouse  is a building where plants such as flowers and vegetables are grown.
Apprenticeship is a system of training a new generation of skilled crafts practitioners, which is still popular in some countries and trades.
In the "Star Wars" fictional universe, battle droids are robots that are made for fighting.
The Western Long-beaked Echidna  is one of the four extant echidnas and one of three species of "Zaglossus" that occur in New Guinea.
The Short-beaked Echidna  is 1 of 4 living types of echidna.
Columbia is the original name for the United States and inspired the names of many things.
The Eastern Long-beaked Echidna , also known as Barton's Long-beaked Echidna, is one of three species from the genus "Zaglossus".
The long-beaked echidnas make up one of the two genera  of echidna.
Sir David's Long-beaked Echidna , also known as the Cyclops Long-beaked Echidna, is one of three species from the genus "Zaglossus".
Bioluminescence is the form of light made when living creatures use oxygen to produce light.
Whittier is a small town in Alaska on the Kenai Peninsula.
Kate Elizabeth Winslet  is an English actress.
Joseph Paul DiMaggio  was a Major League Baseball center fielder who played his whole career for the New York Yankees.
The Mongol Empire, an area ruled by the great Mongol khans in the 13th and 14th centuries, was one of the largest land empires in history.
Parthia is an ancient country of Asia, now Iran and regions of Armenia, Iraq, Georgia, eastern Turkey, eastern Syria,Azerbaijan, Turkmenistan, Afghanistan, Tajikistan, Pakistan, Kuwait, the Persian Gulf coast of Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Qatar, and UAE.
Hydrolysis is a chemical reaction or process in which a chemical compound reacts with water.
Water  covers 70-75% of the Earth's surface as liquid and solid state.
The lymphatic system is a complex network of lymphoid organs, lymph nodes, lymph ducts, lymph tissues, lymph capillaries, and lymph vessels that make and transport lymph fluid from tissue to the circulatory system.
Chastity or celibacy is choosing not to be involved in any sexual activities.
Metallic bonding is the bonding between atoms within metals.
Heat conduction or Thermal conduction is the spontaneous transfer of thermal energy through matter, from a region of higher temperature to a region of lower temperature.
Judith Weir  is a Scottish composer.
A vassal during the feudalism of medieval Europe, was someone who had obligations with a lord.
The Migration Period, also called Barbarian Invasions or Völkerwanderung, is a name given by historians to a human migration which happened in the period of roughly AD 300–700 in Europe.
The San Francisco Bay Area, also known as the Bay Area, is a metropolitan region that surrounds the San Francisco Bay in Northern California.
San Francisco Bay is a shallow, productive estuary through which water draining about forty percent of California, flowing in the Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers from the Sierra Nevada mountains, enters the Pacific Ocean.
Sheikh Ahmed Yassin  was an Islamic leader.
In physics, the field strength of a field is the magnitude of its vector value.
In physics, a field means that a physical quantity is assigned to every point in space .
In vector calculus, the gradient of a scalar field is a vector field which points in the direction of the greatest rate of increase of the scalar field, and whose magnitude is the greatest rate of change.
In mathematics there are 6 trigonometric functions: sine, cosine, tangent, cotangent, secant and cosecant.
An archer is someone who practices archery.
Archery is the practice of using a bow to shoot arrows.
John Felix Anthony Cena, Jr.
In biology, signal transduction means any process by which a cell converts one kind of signal or stimulus into another.
Flux in Physics.
Neuroscience is the scientific study of brain and mind and the whole nervous system.
Conversation analysis  is the study of talk in interaction.
Mark-Anthony Turnage  is an English composer.
A hydrothermal vent  is a fissure in the surface of the Earth.
Guava is a genus  of plants in the family "Myrtaceae".
The resting potential of a cell is the membrane potential that would be maintained if there were no action potentials, synaptic potentials, or other active changes in the membrane potential.
Thrust is a reaction force that is described by Newton's Newton's laws of motion.
Thrust is a reaction force described by Newton's Second and Third Law.
Robert Anson Heinlein  was a writer.
There are many computer and video game genres.
A fable is a type of short story which teaches a lesson or carries a moral, which is usually stated at the end.
Drainage is the natural or artificial removal of surface and sub-surface water from a given area.
A Polder is an area of land that was taken from a body of water by enclosing the area to be reclaimed with a dike and removing the excess water by pumping and draining.
A resistor is an electronic component that restricts the flow of current in an electrical or electronic circuit.
The Death Star is a fictional space station that is in the "Star Wars" movies.
The Doctor of Philosophy, (Ph.D.
Marine ecoregions are regions of the world's oceans, that are defined by the World Wide Fund for Nature , to help activities for saving marine ecosystems.
In Physical Geography Freshwater ecoregion means the freshwater habitats of a particular geographic area, including rivers, streams, lakes, and wetlands.
The Global 200 is the list of ecoregions identified by the World Wide Fund for Nature  as priorities for conservation.
An ecoregion , sometimes called a bioregion, is the next smallest ecologically and geographically defined area beneath "realm" or "ecozone".
In physical geography, a wetland is an environment that combines the properties of land and water That means wetlands are ecotones.
In geography, a marsh is a type of wetland, featuring grasses, rushes, reeds, typhas, sedges, and other herbaceous plants  in a context of shallow water.
Ulan-Ude , formerly Verkhneudinsk , the capital city of the Buryat Republic, Russia.
The pelagic zone is the part of the open sea or ocean that is not near the coast or sea floor.
Vitamin A is a vitamin.
Vitamin D is a vitamin.
In ecology, a biome is a major regional group of distinctive plant and animal communities best adapted to the region's physical natural environment, latitude, elevation, and terrain.
Vitamin E  is a vitamin.
Vitamin K is a vitamin which is soluble in fat.
The B vitamin complex  are 8 vitamins.
Regions having a subarctic climate  are characterized by long, usually very cold winters, and brief, warm summers.
The ONS coding system is a system used in the United Kingdom for dealing with census and other statistical data.
Sir Michael Tippett  was an English composer.
A claw is a sharp object.
Max and Moritz  are two naughty little boys in a story by Wilhelm Busch.
Abstinence is a voluntary restraint from following a desire or appetite for certain bodily activities that are widely experienced as giving pleasure.
Sexual abstinence is the practice of voluntarily refraining from some or all aspects of sexual activity.
"Council of Jerusalem" is a common name for a meeting about that there is a report in "Acts of the Apostles" chapter.
Ironing means getting the creases out of clothes after they have been washed and dried.
Central European Time is a time zone.
Central European Summer Time is the name for a time zone.
James the Just, also called James Adelphotheos, James, 1st Bishop of Jerusalem, or James, the Brother of the Lord and sometimes identified with James the Less,  was an important figure in Early Christianity.
In Christianity, the disciples were the students of Jesus during his ministry, which means only the Twelve Apostles, but the gospels speaks of different numbers of disciples.
Ahmed Jabril , born in 1938, is the founder and co-leader of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine General Command.
Jihad Jabril  was the son of Ahmed Jibril, founder of the PFLP-G.
The Topkapı Palace is a palace in Istanbul , Turkey.
The Acts of the Apostles  is a book of the Bible, which now is the fifth in the New Testament.
A Firebreak is a way to fight fires.
A Slum is a part of a city or a town where many poor people live.
Montauban is a city in the south of France.
Layyah is a city in the Punjab province of Pakistan and is the capital of Layyah District.
Leo III  was Pope from 795 to 816.
Khanda is a symbol of Sikhism.
Judi Dench  is a well known British actress.
Arendal is a city and municipality in the county of Aust-Agder, Norway.
S.S.
Satire is a form in art or writing in which people are made to look stupid.
The Iron Cross was a medal given to German soldiers for bravery during wartime.
Manowar is an American heavy metal band from Auburn, New York, which formed in 1980.
In mathematics, a power series  is an infinite series of the form where "an" represents the coefficient of the nth term, "c" is a constant, and "x" varies around "c" .
A classical guitar, also called a Spanish guitar, is a musical instrument from the family of musical instruments called chordophones.
Vålerenga I.F.
The Volga is the longest river of Europe.
Oi! also called Street punk, is a type of punk rock that was started in the United Kingdom.
The Brothers Grimm  were the brothers Jakob and Wilhelm Grimm.
Bryozoans are tiny colonial animals that generally build stony skeletons of calcium carbonate.
In medicine, the placebo effect basically means that if a person believes that a medicine or diet is good for himself or herself, then it is good for the person.
An equality in mathematical sense is only true under more particular conditions.
Two mathematical objects are equal if and only if they are exactly the same in every way.
Ministry, in Christianity, is the activity that is done by members of the church to serve the purposes of the church.
A ministry is a department of a government, led by a political minister.
A strong nuclear force holds the nuclei of atoms together.
Galerius Maximianus , formally Gaius Galerius Valerius Maximianus was Roman Emperor from 305 to 311.
Square Foot Gardening.
A blender is an electric kitchen appliance used for making drinks, mixing liquids, and puréeing  fruits and vegetables for sauces and soups.
A drinking straw  is a utensil used to consume cold drinks such as milk shakes, smoothies, cola, and fruit juice.
When one of these scales is played on a piano, starting from a low note and moving up to high notes, while at the same time pressing the sustaining pedal , it makes a "dreamy" sound.
In music, a pentatonic scale is a scale with five notes in each octave.
Yeast are eucaryotic microorganisms.
Budding is a way of asexual reproduction.
Binary fission is a method of asexual reproduction.
Charisma Lee Carpenter  is an American actress.
Paul Watzlawick PhD  was a theoretician in Communication Theory and Radical Constructivism.
Neurotransmitters are chemicals.
Sally Beamish  is an English composer.
Nakhodka  is a port city in Primorsky Krai, Russia.
"Sumatra", known also as "Sumatera", is the sixth largest island in the world and is located in western Indonesia.
The British Whig Party was an early British political party.
Espionage or spying is a practice of getting information about an organization, society, or country that is meant to be secret or confidential, without permission.
Sir Harrison Paul Birtwistle  is one of Britain's most important composers today.
Punch and Judy are the characters of the fictional television show "Big Shot".
Lorsch is a small town in southwest Germany  in the Kreis Bergstraße district of the state of Hessen.
2004 is a year in the 21st century.
Dominic Bernard Patrick Luke Monaghan  is an English actor.
Le Crazy Horse Saloon or Le Crazy Horse Paris is a cabaret.
An umbrella term is a word that provides a superset or grouping of related concepts.
Cnidaria is a phylum with about 11,000 species of animals.
Calvinism belongs to the Reformed tradition of Protestantism.
Jean Cauvin, also Jean Calvin   was a French Protestant theologian during the Protestant Reformation and was a central developer of the system of Christian theology called Calvinism or Reformed theology.
A Trebuchet was a device used in wars and sieges in the Middle Ages.
Tarascon, sometimes called Tarascon-sur-Rhône, is a city in the south of France.
Kurdistan is a mountainous area in the Middle East, that is mainly inhabited by Kurds.
Aigues-Mortes is a city in the south of France.
Leopold II, King of the Belgians was ruler of Belgium from December 10, 1865 to December 17, 1909.
George V  was the first ruler of the United Kingdom with the family name "Windsor".
Candy is a sweet kind of food that is usually made from sugar and water, with flavors and other ingredients added.
A foreignism is a word or expression which has found its way into one or more other languages.
Moray eels is a family of eel.
Carcassonne  is a fortified French town, in the "Aude département" in the "Languedoc".
As of 1999, 24.700 people lived in the city.
Agen is a city in Aquitaine, France.
Libourne is a commune.
Mirepoix is a city in the south of France.
Kiss is the self-titled debut album from the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.
Hotter Than Hell is the second album from the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.It was released on October 22, 1974.
Dressed To Kill is the third studio album from the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.
Alive is the fourth album from the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.
Destroyer is the fourth studio album and fifth album overall by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.
The 12-hour clock is a way of determining the time in which the 24 hours of the day are divided into two sections called "ante meridiem"  and "post meridiem" .
The Norfolk County Fair and Horse Show is an annual showcase of rides, country music, carnival food, expensive contraptions, and horses that takes place in Simcoe, Ontario, Canada.
"Bootylicious" is a song performed by R&B girl group Destiny's Child.
Rigor Mortis is a condition that affects a human body after death.
The Colosseum  is a large amphitheatre in the city of Rome.
An Amphitheatre  is a type of structure.
The Circus Maximus  is an ancient hippodrome located in Rome.
Sir Peter Maxwell Davies, CBE (b.
Take That is an English boyband from Manchester.
An ambulance is a type of vehicle made to carry sick or injured people.
Gan is the language of Jiangxi and some others provinces in China.
Rock And Roll Over is the fifth studio album and sixth album overall by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.
Love Gun is the sixth studio album by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.
Alive II is the second live album and eight album overall by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.
Henry IV  was King of Germany from 1056 and Holy Roman Emperor from 1084, till he was forced to step down in 1105.
"Gene Simmons" is a solo album by Gene Simmons, the bass player of the American hard rock/heavy metal band, Kiss.
Paul Stanley is a solo album from the guitarist of the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.
Ace Frehley is a solo album from the guitarist of the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.
"Tristan und Isolde"  is an opera in three acts by Richard Wagner.
Peter Criss is a solo album from the drummer of the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.
Pop Rocks are a kind of candy with carbonation added to make a "popping" feeling in the mouth of the person eating them.
Dynasty is a studio album by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.
Master of the Queen's Music  is the title given to one chosen composer of classical music; it is a post in the Royal Household of the King or Queen of the United Kingdom.
"Unmasked" is a studio album by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.
"Music From "The Elder" is a concept album by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.
Cross-platform software is a type of software that can run on many different operating systems or computer architectures.
The Investiture Controversy, also known as the lay investiture controversy, was the most important conflict between secular and religious powers in medieval Europe.
Cycas is a genus of plants.
Heliconia is a genus of flowering plants.
A screenplay or script is the written instruction about what happens in a movie or television program.
Pope Gregory VII (c.
Excommunication is a religious act used to take off or suspend membership in a religious community.
Helen Elizabeth Clark  was the Prime Minister of New Zealand.
Scalable Vector Graphics  is a computer language to describe two dimensional images.
Creatures Of The Night is a studio album by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.
Full communion is a term used in Christian ecclesiology to describe relations between two distinct Christian communities or Churches that recognise that each other shares the same communion and the same essential doctrines.
A queue is a line of people standing behind one another who are waiting for something.
In Christian theology, ecclesiology is the study of doctrine about the Church itself as a community and about the churches own view of its mission and role.
Ecclesia  in Christian theology means both: a particular body of faithful people, and the whole body of the faithful.
The term Communion comes from Latin "communio" .
A natural resource qualifies as a renewable resource if its stock  can increase over time.
Derek Taylor  was a English journalist and author.
Hot chocolate  is a hot drink.
A diuretic is a chemical substance.
The Byrds were a popular 1960s rock band, from California.
Meningitis is an infection of certain membranes and tissues of the nervous system.
Mental confusion  is a symptom.
Lick It Up is a studio album by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.
Wesleyan University, is a private liberal arts university in Middletown, Connecticut.
Ben 10 is an American animated television show.
Karol Szymanowski  was a Polish composer.
"Animalize" is a studio album by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.
Eubie Blake  was an American pianist and composer.
Duke Bagrat Aleksandrovich Ter Hachatrjan  was an officer of a Russian Imperial Army.
"Roseanne" was an American television series which was shown on ABC from 1988 to 1997.
"Veronica Mars" is an American teen drama/mystery-neo-noir series.
The Sega Game Gear is a handheld video game system made by the Sega Corporation.
In many religions, the deity or God is called the "Father".
Kevin Patrick Smith  is an American screenwriter, film director and the founder of View Askew Productions.
The Nicene Creed, Niceno-Constantinopolitan Creed or Icon/Symbol of the Faith, is the most widespread or ecumenical Christian statement of faith.
The Apostles' Creed , sometimes titled Symbol of the Apostles, is an early statement of Christian belief, a creed or "symbol." It is widely used by a number of Christian denominations for both liturgical and catechetical purposes, most visibly by liturgical Churches of Western tradition, including the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church, Lutheranism, the Anglican Communion, and Western Orthodoxy.
Matcha  also spelt maccha , is a fine, powdered green tea.
Asylum is a studio album by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.
The drink green tea  is a "true" tea.
mats are a traditional Japanese flooring.
Sake  is a Japanese word for "alcoholic drink".
Majority means the greater number of something.
Charles Koechlin ,  was a French composer, teacher and writer on music.
Jastrzębie-Zdrój is a city in Poland in Sielsia voivodship.
A palm'", when used as a unit of length, is usually four digits  or three inches, i.e.
Schnapps is a type of distilled alcoholic drink.
Standard time is putting all clocks in a time zone to the same time.
Span is the width of a human hand, from the tip of the thumb to the tip of the pinky finger.
The Acting President of the United States is a person who temporary acts as President, when President cannot carry out his duties, but remained in office.
Electric power transmission is one process in the transmitting of electricity to consumers.
The Darfur conflict is an ongoing military conflict in the Darfur region of Sudan, the largest country in Africa.
This is the bibliography and reference section for the Darfur conflict series.
AIESEC , is a big student club that was started in 1946.
The World Wrestling Entertainment  Championship is a professional wrestling world championship in World Wrestling Entertainment.
In cell biology, an organelle is a structure of a cell having specialized functions.
"That '70s Show" is an American television series.
Satguru Sivaya Subramuniyaswami , known as by his followers, was a Hindu leader and author.
"Crazy Nights" is a studio album by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.
Hot in the Shade is a studio album by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.
"Halfway Home" is a comedy television series that premiered on Wednesday, March 14, 2007, at 10:30 p.m.
The Prime Minister of New Zealand is New Zealand's head of government.
"The Masque of the Red Death" is a short story written by Edgar Allan Poe and first published in 1842.
Darfur  is region of far western Sudan.
A grinding mill is a tool that is designed to break a solid material into smaller pieces.
A windmill is an engine that is powered by the wind to produce energy.
A windmill is an engine powered by the sun to produce energy, often contained in a large building as in traditional post mills, smock mills and tower mills.
Blood transfusion is a medical term.
It is very hard to treat delirium, without knowing the cause for it.
Jaundice  is a disease.
Hildegard of Bingen (born Bemersheim nr.
Alternative medicine describes practices used in place of conventional medical treatments.
Divaldo Pereira Franco or simply, Divaldo Franco is a Brazilian medium, born in Feira de Santana, Bahia, on May 5th, 1927.
One Supreme God is worshipped withinHinduism.
Coheed and Cambria  is an American rock band from New York.
A watermill is an engine that uses a water wheel or turbine to drive a mechanical process such as flour or lumber production, or metal shaping .
Coma is a medical term.
A water wheel is a hydropower system; a machine for extracting power from the flow of water.
Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency  is a hereditary disease.
Hydropower is the capture of the energy of moving water for some useful purpose.
South Pacific is the name for a geographical region of the world.
Guido  List   was a writer.
Franklins is a cheap supermarket company that can be found all over the state of New South Wales in Australia.
Hannover 96 ist a sports club in Hanover, a city in northern Germany.
A water turbine is a rotary engine that takes energy from moving water.
The AWD-Arena is a football stadium in Hanover, a city in north Germany.
Renewable energy comes from renewable resources.
The Aral Sea , Uzbek "Orol dengizi", Russian "Аральскοе мοре") is a landlocked sea in Central Asia; it lies between Kazakhstan in the north and Karakalpakstan, an autonomous region of Uzbekistan, in the south.
Radiation is when energy moves through space on its own at the speed of light.
Non-ionizing radiation (or, esp.
The electromagnetic  spectrum is the range of all possible electromagnetic radiation.
A spectrum is a condition or value that is not limited to a specific set of values but can vary infinitely within a continuum.
A Continuum is a continuous series where all parts are very similar to their nearest neighbour, but the ends or extremes of it are very different from each other.
Revenge is a studio album by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.
Continuum theories or models explain variation as involving a gradual quantitative transition without abrupt changes or discontinuities.
Paul Joseph Goebbels   was a German politician and the minister of propaganda during the Nazi regime.
Carl Maria von Weber , 5 June, 1826 in London, was one of the most important German composers of the early Romantic period.
"Alive III" is a live album by the American hard rock and heavy metal band Kiss.
Ter Hachatrjan  is the name of a Russian noble family during the 18th century.
A turbine is an engine that turns fluid into energy.
Electric power is defined as the amount of work done by an electric current, or the rate at which electrical energy is transmitted.
Kiss Unplugged is an album featuring the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss performance in MTV Unplugged on August 8, 1995.
Hydraulic head is a specific measurement of water pressure or total energy per unit weight above a datum.
Susan Brownmiller  is a radical feminist.
Erich Pinchas Fromm  was an internationally renowned Jewish-German-American social psychologist, psychoanalyst, and humanistic philosopher.
François Adrien Boieldieu  was a French composer.
Red Hot Riding Hood is a movie made by Tex Avery.
The Turkish Angora is a cat from Turkey.
In physics, work is the amount of energy transferred by a force.
Psycho Circus is a studio album by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.
Biological warfare  is when pathogens are used as a weapon.
The Frankfurt Stock Exchange  is a stock exchange in Frankfurt, Hesse.
A General-purpose programming language  is a way to tell a computer what to do that makes a user's job easy and quick without much confusion.
A Bikini is a type of swimsuit.
High Voltage is the debut studio album by Australian hard rock band DC.
Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap is a studio album by the Australian hard rock band DC.
Iron oxides are chemical compounds.
Jimi Hendrix ,  was an American guitarist.
Incendiary devices or incendiary bombs are bombs.
Napalm is the name for a number of flammable liquids that have been used in warfare.
The Midwestern United States  is a name for the north-central states of the United States of America.
Maynard James Keenan  is an American rock singer, songwriter, musician, and producer.
Naphtha  is the name for a number of intermediary products that occur when refining crude oil.
Lukas Podolski  is a Polish born German footballer.
Naphtalene  is a crystalline, white hydrocarbon, with a strong smell.
MySQL is a database engine used for many websites around the internet.
White phosphorus is an incendiary weapon.
Miroslav Klose  is a Polish born German footballer.
Mothballs are small balls of chemical pesticide and deodorant.They are used when clothing and other articles susceptible to damage from mold or moth larvae are stored.
Oliver Rolf Kahn  was a German footballer.
Timo Hidebrand  is a German footballer.
Philipp Lahm  is a German footballer.
The FC Valencia is a football team in Spain.
Bastian Schweinsteiger  is a German footballer.
The Feller Bach is a right tributary of the Moselle River in Rhineland-Palatinate .
Per Mertesacker  is a German footballer.
Bernd Schneider  is a German footballer.
David Odonkor  is a German footballer.
Black Entertainment Television  is an American cable television television network.
CMT  is an American country music cable television channel.
John William "Johnny" Carson  was an American actor, comedian and writer.
TNT is a Norwegian hard rock/heavy metal band.
Anarcho-capitalism is an anarchist philosophy that is against the idea of political government, and for economic government through free market capitalism with supply and demand.
Walther von der Vogelweide  was a famous German poet and composer.
Striptease is an art some people practice.
Roald Dahl  was a Welsh writer, famous for his novels, short stories and especially for his books for children.
Let There Be Rock is a studio album by the Australian hard rock band DC.
In any of these cases, the SI unit of electrical energy is the joule.
In physics, power  is the rate at which work is performed or energy is transferred.
This is a list of the Emperors of the late Eastern Roman Empire, called Byzantine by modern historians.
Maroon 5 are a pop-rock band from Los Angeles, California.
Jens Lehmann  is a German footballer.
Karlsruher SC is a German football club in the first division .
A.C.
Larissa  is the capital city of the Thessaly periphery of Greece, and capital of the Larissa Prefecture.
Steven Boy George Gerrard is an English football player.
Ikebana  is the Japanese art of making flower arrangements.
Venom is a black metal band from Newcastle upon Tyne, England.
Scottsdale is a town in the north-east of Tasmania, Australia.
Torsten Frings  is a German footballer.
David Michael Letterman  is an American late night television host.
A tide is the periodic rising and falling of Earth's ocean surface caused by the tidal forces of the Moon and the Sun acting on the oceans.
Tidal force is caused by gravity and makes tides happen.
Tidal energy, sometimes called "tidal power", is the power achieved by capturing the energy contained in moving water in tides and open ocean currents.
Nicole Evangeline Lilly  is a Canadian actress.
A view is what can be seen in somebody's vision.
Greystones  is a coastal town in County Wicklow, Ireland.
Courtly love was a special idea of love that people had in Europe in the Middle Ages.
A royal court or noble court is a place where an important ruler such as a king, prince or duke live.
Chris Gueffroy  was the last person to die while trying to escape across the Berlin Wall.
Electricity generation is the first process in the delivery of electricity to consumers.
Casey Kasem  is an American radio host and voice actor.
Bloc Party is a British indie rock band.
VfR Mannheim a German football team.
SV Waldhof Mannheim is a German football club.
If a book of a TV show is popular science, then it is about science, but its made so its easy for everyone to understand.
A lullaby is a song which is sung to help a baby or small child go to sleep.
Lund is a city in the south of Sweden.
Guadalcanal is an island in the Pacific Ocean.
1.
FSV Frankfurt is the second best football team in Frankfurt, Germany after Eintracht Frankfurt.
Joachim "Jogi" Löw  is a former German footballer.
Polyhydroxyalkanoate  is a biopolymer that is made by bacteria.
SpVgg Bayreuth is a German football team in Bayreuth, Bavaria.
Max Reger  was a German composer, organist, pianist and teacher.
Saint Stephen  is known as the first martyr of Christianity.
The Dark Tower is a series of seven books by American writer Stephen King that tells the tale of lead character Roland Deschain's quest for the "Dark Tower." .
Jon Stevens Corzine  is an American politician.
James E.
Barack Hussein Obama II  is a United States Senator from Illinois, and will be the 44th president of the United States.
A physical quantity is a quantity in physics that can be measured.
A rotor is the rotating part of a helicopter which generates lift, either vertically in the case of a main rotor, or horizontally in the case of a tail rotor.
In music, variation is a way of organizing a piece of music by taking a tune  and then repeating it in several different ways.
Logo is a programming language that is easy to learn.
LISP  is the name for a programming language.
In mathematical logic and computer science, lambda calculus, also λ-calculus, is a formal system.
Family Jewels is a two disc compilation DVD by the Australian hard rock band DC.
Power transmission is the movement of energy from its place of generation to a place where it can be used for work.
Ocean surface waves are surface waves that occur in the upper layer of the ocean.
A crest is the point on a wave with the greatest positive value or upward displacement in a cycle.
__NOTOC__ In physics, a surface wave can refer to a mechanical wave that propagates along the interface between differing media, usually two fluids with different densities.
Nausea is a general feeling of unease and discomfort in the stomach, often with the urge to vomit.
Anxiety is an unpleasant emotional state.
A lumbar puncture  is a medical method to collect a sample of cerebrospinal fluid.
Wave power means the energy of ocean surface waves and the capture of that energy to do useful work - including electricity generation, desalination, and the pumping of water .
Port Royal was a city in Jamaica.
The list of bridges in the United States is a link page for some bridges in the United States.
Osborne's bull was created as an advertisement for a sherry in 1956.
Desalination means any process that removes the excess salt and other minerals from water in order to obtain fresh water suitable for animal consumption or irrigation.
Solar energy is energy that is present in sunlight.
Photovoltaics, or PV for short, is a solar power technology that uses solar cells to convert energy from the sun into electricity.
A solar cell or photovoltaic cell is a device that converts light energy into electrical energy.
An alternating current  is an electric current of which magnitude and direction vary.
Direct current  is considered as the constant flow of electrons in the single direction from low to high potential.
In astrophysics, a white hole is the opposite of a black hole.
A snowmobile is a motorized vehicle used for traveling over snow.
The Remo Four were a rock band from Liverpool, England, from the late 1950s and early 1960s, at the same time the Beatles were starting their musical careers.
The magnitude of a mathematical object is its size: a property by which it can be larger or smaller than other objects of the same kind.
A fraction is a mathematical expression relating two quantities or numbers, one divided by the other.
Buckethead  is an American guitarist and composer.
In mathematics, a quotient is the end result of a division problem.
Norman is a language spoken in Normandy and the Channel Islands.
In mathematics division is an operation which is the opposite of multiplication.
In mathematics, a divisor of an integer "n", also called a factor of "n", is an integer which evenly divides "n" without leaving a remainder.
In arithmetic, the result of the division of two integers usually cannot be expressed with an integer quotient, unless a remainder —an amount "left over"— is also accepted.
Remainder is the amount "left over" when dividing two integers.
This is a list of notable films produced and/or distributed by the U.S.
Andreas Starke   is the Lord Mayor of Bamberg in Bavaria, Germany since 2006.
Robert Enke  is a German footballer.
Velikiy Novgorod  is a city in the European part of Russia.
Nizhny Novgorod  is the fourth largest city in Russia.
Aleksei Maksimovich Peshkov  , better known as Maxim Gorky , was a Soviet/Russian author, a founder of the socialist realism literary method and a political activist.
The ankh was the Egyptian hieroglyphic character that stood for the word ʿnḫ, meaning life.
Ingrid Bergman  was a Swedish actress.
The Ruwer-Hochwald-Radweg is a cycle trail.
Novosibirsk  is Russia's third largest city, after Moscow and Saint Petersburg, and the administrative center of Novosibirsk Oblast.
Alice Springs is a city in the Northern Territory of Australia.
A recital is a concert of classical music given by just one musician or one musician and an accompanist.
Programme music is a piece of music for instruments which describes something or tells a story.
An anaerobic organism is any living thing that does not need oxygen for growth.
Tetanus is a disease that leads to muscle contractions that hold on for some time.
Immunization, or immunisation, is a way of preventing a person from getting a disease.
Whipped cream is a dairy food used in many desserts.
Tetanospasmin is the neurotoxin produced by the vegetative spore of "Clostridium tetani" in anaerobic conditions, causing tetanus.
A neurotoxin is a toxin that acts specifically on nerve cells – neurons – usually by interacting with membrane proteins and ion channels.
Paralysis is the complete loss of muscle function for one or more muscle groups, when the thing that is paralised can't move.
A membrane protein is a protein molecule that is attached to, or associated with the membrane of a cell or an organelle.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a American Football team in the National Football League .
An obelus is a symbol consisting of a line with dots above and below, formula_1, used to represent the mathematical division operation.
A vinculum is a horizontal line put over a mathematical expression.
The colon  is a punctuation mark, visually consisting of two equally sized dots centered on the same vertical line.
Tomorrow Never Knows is a song from The Beatles's "Revolver" album, from 1966.
Gone with the Wind is the 1939 movie based on Margaret Mitchell's book with the same name.
Anthony John Carelli  is an American professional wrestler.
Fresco is a way of painting pictures.
"The Count of Monte Cristo"  is a novel by Alexandre Dumas, père.
Hallandale Beach is a city in Broward County, Florida, United States.
The Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei , also known as the Nazi Party, was a German political party.
Carl Nielsen  was a Danish composer.
The Madonna and Child or The Virgin and Child is often the name of a work of art which shows the Virgin Mary and the Child Jesus.
Göppingen is a town in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
The National Gallery, London is an art gallery in London, England, which has one of the finest collections of European paintings in the world.
In the George Orwell book Nineteen Eighty-Four, an Unperson is someone who has been vaporized.
Düren is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany between Cologne and Aachen.
Gütersloh is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Iserlohn is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Velbert is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Lünen is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Marl is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Bocholt is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Roman Abramovich  is a Russian businessman.
Morena Baccarin  is an Italian-Brazilian actress.
José Mário dos Santos Mourinho Félix  is a Portuguese football manager.
A sawmill is a facility where lumber is cut into boards.
Hazrat Babajan , who's birthname was Gool Rukh , was born as a Pathan princess in a royal Muslim family of Balochistan in northern British India Empire.
A concept album is a kind of album in which all the songs are about the same thing.
Convenience food is a type of food.
A Zippo lighter is a refillable metal lighter made by Zippo Manufacturing Company since 1933.
A contronym is a word with two meanings.
Water heating is a thermodynamic process using an energy source to heat water above its initial temperature.
Couëron is a city in France on the Atlantic Ocean near Nantes.
Room temperature is "not" a precisely defined scientific term.
Kraftwerk is a pop band from Germany that became famous in the late 1970s and 1980s for making electronic music.
A cricket ball is a hard, solid ball used to play cricket.
Baptist is a word describing a tradition within Christianity and may also refer to individuals belonging to a Baptist church or a Baptist denomination.
Techno is a form of electronic dance music that became popular in Detroit, Michigan during the mid-1980s.
A dog sled is a sled that is pulled by sled dogs and can go over ice and snow.
A multiset  is a concept from mathematics.
Thomas John Brokaw  is a popular American television journalist and is the former anchorman  of "NBC Nightly News with Tom Brokaw".
In mathematics, a tuple is a finite sequence of objects.
Manure is organic matter used as fertilizer in agriculture.
A nutrient is either a chemical element or compound used in an organism's metabolism or physiology.
A histogram is a concept from statistics.
Historically, the practice of green manuring can be traced back to the fallow cycle of crop rotation, which was used to allow soils to recover.
The normal distribution is a probability distribution.
Biomass, in the energy production industry means living and recently living biological material which can be used as fuel or for industrial production.
Probability theory and statistics talk about the variance.
Tarzan's Treehouse is a walk-through attraction in Disneyland located in Anahiem, California.
Adam Małysz  is a Polish ski jumper.
Salome or Salomé , the Daughter of Herodias , like Dismas, or the various names of the Three Magi, is a name given to a character in the New Testament, one whose name is not given there itself.
Winchester College is a well-known boys' school.
"Buffy the Vampire Slayer" is a 1992 comedy horror movie about a cheerleader  chosen by fate to fight and kill vampires.
Fran Rubel Kuzui is an American movie director and producer.
Roseanne Cherrie Barr  is an Emmy Award-winning American actress, writer, and comedian.
Bi-Lo is a supermarket with 214 shops all over Australia.
Sucrose  is a disaccharide  with the molecular formula C12H22O11.
A disaccharide is a sugar  composed of two monosaccharides.
A biological hazard, or biohazard, is anything arising from living organisms (ie.
A petri dish is a small dish shaped like a cylinder.
Independent Grocers of Australia or  for short, is the largest independent supermarket group in Australia.
Chelmsford is a borough in the county of Essex in England.
A desktop on a PC  is an area the size of the screen, which is used primarily for short cuts to files and folders on the hard drive.
Communication Studies is a college or university area of study involving the study of communication.
Belote is a French 32 card trick-taking game.
Monosaccharides are the simplest form of carbohydrates.
Lactose is a disaccharide that consists of galactose and glucose molecules.
Glycogen  is a polysaccharide that is the principal storage form of glucose in animal cells.
Pollutants are compounds which are dangerous to the environment.
Carbon monoxide, also known as "coal gas", with the chemical formula CO, is a colorless, odorless, and tasteless gas.
Schweinfurt is a city in Franconia.
Falco  Hölzel, and died on February 6, 1998 in Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic) was an Austrian pop singer.
Gabriel Pascal  was a Hungarian movie producer and director.
McLaren is a Formula 1 racing team which has recently diversified into other areas, such as making the Mercedes McLaren SLR supercar at its Woking factory.
Haylie Katherine Duff  is an American actress and singer.
Twentieth  Century Fox Film Corporation  is a large American company that makes movies .
Marquette is a city in the U.S.
John Taverner  was the most important English composer of his time.
Sir John Tavener  is an English composer.
Escape velocity is the speed that something would need to completely escape the gravity of a large body, like a star or a planet .
A razor is a tool with one or more blades used by men for shaving the hair from their face, and by women for shaving hair from their legs and underarms.
A mood stabilizer is a psychiatric medication used to treat mood disorders characterized by fast and unstable mood changes.
International Baccalaureate, or IB, is a very famous and very difficult school program.
Wolfgang Schüssel  was the Chancellor of Austria from February 4 2000 until January 11 2007.
Vaduz  is the capital city of the country of Liechtenstein.
Luxembourgish is a West Germanic language.
Jean-Pierre Cassel  was a French actor.
Sea cucumbers are one of the classes of echinoderms.
Yochanan Vollach, also transliterated Jochanan Wallach or Yohanan Wallach, born 14 May 1945) is a former Israeli footballer superstar which played at: Hapoel Haifa, Maccabi Haifa, HKFC.
Maccabi Haifa is the biggest sports club in Israel, founded in 1913, and part of the Maccabi association.
Hapoel Haifa F.
Swalwell is a small village in Kneehill County, Alberta, Canada.
Polysaccharides are relatively complex carbohydrates.
Alfred Gusenbauer (born February 8, 1960 in St.
The Chincilla is a small rodent.
Solubility means the ability for a given substance, the solute, to dissolve in a solvent.
SpVgg Greuther Fürth is a German football team in the second division.
Henry Saint Clair Fredericks, better known by the stage name Taj Mahal , is an American blues musician.
Floyd Patterson  was an American heavyweight boxing champion and Olympic gold medalist.
A clockwise movement is one that moves "like the clock's hands": from the top to the right, then down, then to the left, and back to the top.
Manuel Friedrich  is a German footballer with the position of the Defender.
Bruno Kreisky  served as Chancellor of Austria from 1970 to 1983.
Viscachas or vizcachas are rodents.
Incisors are special kinds of teeth that can be found in some mammals, such as humans.
The Gerbil is a family of rodents.
Muridae is the largest family of mammals.
Muroidea is a large superfamily of rodents.
Pierre Boulez   is one of the most important French composers of modern classical music.
The Old World rats and mice  is a subfamily in the family Muridae.
Castorimorpha is the suborder of rodents containing the beavers, the pocket gophers, and the kangaroo rats.
In music, an arpeggio is a group of notes which are played one after the other, either going up or going down.
The NKVD  or "People's Commisariat for Internal Affairs") was a government department which handled a number of the Soviet Union's affairs of state.
Spyglass Entertainment is a movie and television production company.
A hovercraft is a vehicle that is supported and moved by a cushion of air blowing downwards.
Duccio di Buoninsegna,  was one of the most important painters in Italy in the Late Middle Ages.
Castoridae is a family of rodents.
The IUCN Red List  is a list of species.
Redruth is a small town in South West Cornwall.
The Integrated Taxonomic Information System is a common database.
Yersinia pestis is a bacillus.
Leptospirosis  is a bacterial disease.
François-Joseph Gossec  was a South Netherlands composer.
Josiah Wedgwood  was an English potter, who became famous for the industrialisation  of pottery.
A tambourin  is a piece of music which was popular in France in the 18th century.
Thomas Wedgwood  was an English potter.
Thomas Wedgwood  was an English potter.
Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach  was a German musician and composer.
Maria Barbara Bach  was the wife of the German composer Johann Sebastian Bach.
Ligue 1 is a football league which is top division in France and Monaco.
Serie A is a football league which is top division in Italy.
An oath  is a promise.
Jeffrey Howard Archer, Baron Archer of Weston-super-Mare  is a British author and politician.
"Return to Oz" is a 1985 Disney movie that is considered to be a sequel of The Wizard of Oz.
Mordred is a character from Arthurian legend.
Miss America is a American beauty contest.
Originally, a "firewall" was a wall that was built to stop  the spread of a fire.
"The Cask of Amontillado"  is a short story, written by Edgar Allan Poe.
Osei Bonsu  was the Asantehene .
Uther Pendragon is the father of King Arthur in the Arthurian legend.
Chocolate milk is a kind of cold, sweetened milk drink made by mixing cold milk with chocolate syrup or cocoa powder and sugar.
Chocolate syrup is a thick, sweet, chocolate-flavored liquid.
A wetsuit is a garment used by scuba divers, snorkelers, windsurfers, and surfers to keep themselves warm when they are in cold ocean water.
Touch rugby is a version of rugby that replaces being tackled with being touched.
Coven is a word that first meant any type of meeting or gathering.
The First Geneva Convention is one of several Geneva Conventions.
The Second Geneva Convention of 1906 is one of the Geneva Conventions.
A disc jockey  is a person who plays recorded pop or dance music for dancers or listeners and introduces the names of the songs using a microphone.
Padniewko is a village in Poland in Kuyavia-Pomerania voivodship.
The Sierra Nevada  is a mountain range that is almost entirely in the eastern portion of the U.S.
Flurbereinigung  is a word used in Germany to refer to the rearranging of fields in agriculture.
Live 8 was a rock concert organized by activist Bob Geldof.
Rigveda is an ancient Indian religious book.
An ecozone or biogeographic realm is the largest scale biogeographic division of the earth's surface.
In ecology, biomass means the cumulation of living matter.
An amorphous solid is a solid in which there is no long-range order of the positions of the atoms.
Climate commitment describes the fact that climate reacts slowly to factors  such as greenhouse gases.
Slipknot is an American heavy metal band from Des Moines, Iowa.
Archie Moore  was an American boxer.
Joseph William Frazier  is an American boxer.
Hodgkin's lymphoma, also known as Hodgkin's disease is a cancer of the lymphatic system, also known as a lymphoma.
Marvin Hagler  is an American former boxer.
The Sierra Nevada, meaning "snowy range" in Spanish, is a mountain range in the region of Andalusia in Spain.
An airline is a company that transports people and items using airplanes.
Wax  is a chemical substance.
Polyethylene terephthalate  is a thermoplastic polymer resin of the polyester family.
Nuclear energy is the energy that holds together the nucleii of atoms.
Card Sharks was a game show airing from 1978 to 2001.
Family Feud is a television game show that has aired since 1976.
The Bank of America Stadium is a sports stadium located in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Aston Martin Lagonda Limited is a luxury car company that was founded in 1913 by Lionel Martin and Robert Bamford.
The Sydney Opera House is a building on the shores of Sydney Harbour, in Sydney, Australia.
The Sydney Harbour Bridge, located in Sydney Harbour, is a bridge that joins north Sydney with south Sydney.
The Sydney Cricket Ground is a sports field in Sydney.
Darling Harbour is a harbour in Sydney, Australia.
Bondi Beach is a beach in Sydney, Australia, about one kilometre long and roughly seven kilometres from the center of the city.
Telstra Stadium is a sports stadium in Sydney, Australia.
The Sydney Aquarium is an aquarium in Darling Harbour, Sydney.
The Employment Non-Discrimination Act  is a bill (proposed U.S.
Cthulhu  is a fictional god.
Szczecin - Dąbie Airstrip is a small airstrip on right side of the river in Szczecin  in Dąbie.
In Diabetes Insipidus, there is a chemical missing from the blood that helps the body to keep liquid inside.
The Caecilians are an order  of amphibians.
A bullet-proof vest  is a protective piece of clothing that covers the torso  of a person.
A dry suit is a type of protective clothing worn by scuba divers who are swimming in very cold water, such as in the Arctic ocean or the North Atlantic ocean.
A gauntlet is a protective covering that is used in some gloves and mittens.
Nylon, which is also called Polyamide, is a synthetic  fiber.
The forearm is the part of the human arm between the elbow and the wrist.
A mitten is a type of protective clothing used to cover the hand.
A mountain climber is a person who goes up mountains and cliffs.
A figure of speech is an expression used to communicate a message.
Adobe Flash is a proprietary computer program created by Adobe Systems.
In Object-oriented programming languages, inheritance is a way to add functionality.
Michael Jordan  is a retired American basketball player.
Lawrence Taylor  is a retired American football player who played for the New York Giants in the National Football League .
The New York Giants are an American football team.
Hakeem Olajuwon  is a retired American basketball player.
An ecomuseum is a museum which shows things about the identity of a place.
Scottie Pippen  is a retired American basketball player.
Chicago Bulls are a American professional basketball team.
Barry Bonds  is an American Major League Baseball player.
Bill Russell  is a retired American basketball player.
A diving suit is a type of protective clothing worn by scuba divers when they swim underwater in oceans, lakes, and rivers.
A kilt is a ceremonial article of clothing worn in Scotland.
A straitjacket is a type of clothing used to restrain patients in mental health hospitals and psychiatric wards of hospitals.
A spacesuit is an article of protective clothing worn by astronauts when they travel into outer space or into the upper atmosphere.
A weasel is a meat-eating mammal.
A passport is a travel document that says that the person carrying it is a citizen of the country on the passport.
The University of Nottingham is a university in the city of Nottingham, in the United Kingdom.
Metastasis is what happens when cancer spreads from its original place to another part of the body.
Dingo  is a mammal found in Australia and South-East Asia.
Silk Road was a trade route  that went across Asia to the Mediterranean Sea that let China trade with other places.
Isis  was a goddess in Egyptian mythology.
In Egyptian mythology, Osiris was the god of life, death, and the flooding of the Nile.
Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council is a group of advisors to the British Monarch.
A patrician was a member of the upper class in the two social classes in ancient Rome.
W.A.S.P.
The Virginia Tech massacre was a school shooting on April 16, 2007, which took place at the Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University, a college in Blacksburg, Virginia, United States.
Shakira Isabel Mebarak Ripoll , known simply as Shakira, is a two-time Grammy Award-winning and eight-time Latin Grammy Award-winning Colombian singer, songwriter, instrumentalist, record producer, dancer and occasional actress.
Joe Louis  was an American boxer.
Larry Holmes  was an American boxer.
Skiing is a sport that takes place on slopes of snow.
The 1966 FIFA World Cup was the eighth FIFA World Cup.
Princess Taiping was a princess of Tang dynasty China.
Horus was a god in Egyptian mythology.
In Egyptian mythology, Seth  was a god.
Shaka Sankofa aka Gary Graham born Gary Lee Graham .
Juliusz Slowacki  was a Polish poet.
Mistreat is a hard rock/Oi!/Rock Against Communism band from Finland.
A red dwarf is a kind of star.
Javaris Chrittenton  is an American basketball player.
Grand Ayatollah  , also known as Seyyed Ali Khamene'i, is the current Supreme Leader of Iran.
Canon law is the term used for the internal ecclesiastical law of many churches, such as the Roman Catholic Church, the Eastern Orthodox Churches and the Anglican Communion of churches.
Mstislav Leopoldovich Rostropovich  was a Russian cellist and conductor.
New Super Mario Bros.
Galina Vishnevskaya  is a well-known opera singer and recitalist.
The voting system is a set of rules about the way people vote and how the votes are counted.
Single Transferable Vote  is a type of Voting system.
An Individual Savings Account  is a special type of bank account in United Kingdom.
Bound For Glory is a Neo-Nazi thrash metal/Rock Against Communism band from Minnesota, USA.
Neo-Nazism means the ideology of some political groups who want to return to the beliefs and practices of Nazism after the end of World War II.
The Israel-West-Bank barrier is a wall being built the State of Israel to separate the West Bank of the Jordan River from Israel.
A piano uses hammers - pieces of wood covered with felt - to hit the strings.
Joey Maxim  was an American boxer.
The Armed Islamic Group  is an Islam terrorist organization based in Algeria.
"Takfir wal-Hijra  is a violent Islamic Salafi extremist group.
In Egyptian mythology, Ma'at, pronounced as *Muʔʕat , is goddess of law, morality, and justice.
The Sermon on the Mount is a Biblical speech by Jesus of Nazareth to his followers and a large group of people around AD 30.
Irmo is a town 12 miles outside of Columbia, South Carolina.
__NOTOC__ The following is a list of cast members who voiced or played characters appearing in the "Harry Potter" film series.
A Mediterranean climate is a climate that is similar to the climate of the lands bordering the Mediterranean Sea.
Hans Richter  4 April 1843; died Bayreuth 5 December 1916) was an Austro-Hungarian conductor.
Thylacines were carnivorous  marsupial animals.
Rock Against Communism  was a series of Neo-Nazi concerts in the United Kingdom in the late 1970's and 1980's.
The Swastika is a cross with its arms bent at right angles, in either left-facing or right-facing forms.
This is a selected list of feature films made by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
"Zoo Tycoon 2" is a 2004 simulation computer game.
"Zoo Tycoon" is a simulation computer game.
A chapel is a place for Christian worship.
Clandestine chemistry is chemistry that occurs in a lab that is used for making illegal drugs, usually using unsafe equipment.
A flask is a common piece of apparatus.
The Franks or the Frankish peoples were one of several west Germanic federations of tribes.
The Franks are medieval Germanic tribes.
Bohuslav Martinů  was a Czech composer.
The zebra mussel is a small shellfish.
San Marcos is a city located in central Texas.
A bar or measure is used in writing music.
Rostov  is one of the oldest towns in Russia.
Alaskan king crab fishing is an event done in the winter in the Bering Sea near Alaska where people fish for many King Crabs.
Link is a fictional character in "The Legend of Zelda" games and is the person you play as in all of the games.
A big new Solar power station in Victoria is planned.
Waldpolenz Solar Park, will be the world’s biggest photovoltaic  power system, to the east of Leipzig in Germany.
Tommaso Guidi, better known as Masaccio, , was a famous painter of the Italian Renaissance.
Germany is the world's biggest user of wind power with an installed capacity of 20,621MW in 2006, ahead of Spain which had 11,615MW.
After the world's oil crises in the 1970s, Denmark started to develop wind power.
The Don  is one of the major rivers of Russia.
Grace Murray Hopper  was an American computer scientist and United States Navy officer.
Marin Alsop  is an American conductor.
Nevada Solar One is the third biggest solar power plant in the world, generating 64MW.
In agriculture, Integrated Pest Management  is a pest control strategy.
Construction of the 11 megawatt Serpa solar power plant in Portugal began in June 2006 and was completed in January 2007.
The United Nation Environment Programme's Indian Solar Loan Programme has won the "World award for Sustainability" for helping to establish a householder loan program for solar home power systems.
Clovis I  (c.
The Merovingians were a dynasty of Frankish kings who ruled in the region of ancient Gaul , from the fifth to the eighth century.
Ralph Dale Earnhardt, Sr.
Homelessness refers to the condition of people who do not have a house or apartment to stay in.
Hideshi Hino  is a Japanese manga artist.
Salland is a historical region in the west and north of the present Dutch province of Overijssel.
Darkthrone is a black metal band from Norway.
The Minutemen were a very well known American Hardcore punk band from the 1980s.
Hammurabi , was the sixth king of Babylon.
"Double Nickels on the Dime" is a hardcore punk album made by the Minutemen.
Timothy Z.
The Melvins are an American rock band.
A maiden name is the family name a woman has before she marries.
Tom Whedon is an American television writer.
Zack Whedon is an American television writer.
Langnau im Emmental  is a small village in the Emmental, in the canton of Bern.
Muri bei Bern is a township in Switzerland near Bern.
is the first video game in The Legend of Zelda series of games.
The Deadliest Catch is a reality television series on the Discovery Channel, about Alaskan king crab fishing.
Garage rock is a raw form of rock and roll.
Psychedelic rock is a style of rock music.
A Doppelgänger or a doppelganger is a German word used in English to talk about any double or someone that looks exactly like another person — most commonly an "evil twin." In some folklore, a doppelganger that is seen by a person's friends or family means the person will have illness or is in danger, while seeing your own doppelgänger means you will likely die.
Absurd is a Neo Nazi black metal band from Germany.
Nokturnal Mortum is a pagan black metal band from Ukraine.
"Repo Man" is a 1984 comedy/science fiction movie starring Emilio Estevaz and Harry Dean Stanton.
A social worker is a government employee that helps people who cannot help themselves including phisically disabled people, people addicted to alcohol, and people with addictions to drugs like cocaine and marijuana.
Reggie Miller  is a retired American basketball player.
An altarpiece is a work of art that has been made to go above the altar in a Christian church.
The Wood Mouse  or Long-tailed Field Mouse is a common rodent.
The Code of Hammurabi was a code of Babylonian law.
Media player is a word that describes computer software that can play more than one type of media .
The Weather Channel is a television channel that is shown on TV in the United States.
Comet Borrelly is a periodic comet.
A microcontroller  is a high integrated functional computer system-on-a-chip.
Melodrama is a portmanteau word, formed by combining the words "melody" from the Greek "melōidía", meaning "song") and "drama".
Skullhead was a 1980s Rock Against Communism band from Newcastle, England.
Landser is a Neo-Nazi, Rock Against Communism rock band from Germany.
Blue Eyed Devils was a Neo-Nazi, RAC band from Delaware, USA.
Lily Rose Beatrice Allen  is an English pop singer.
Zerah Colburn  was a child prodigy.
Quedlinburg is a City in the state of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
DreamWorks  is one of the big American movie studios which makes, pays for, and releases films, video games, and television shows.
Universal Studios , a subsidiary of NBC Universal, is one of the major American film studios that has production studios and offices located at 100 Universal City Plaza Drive in Universal City, California, an unincorporated area of Los Angeles County between Los Angeles and Burbank.
The Second Punic War was a war Hannibal and Scipio Africanus fought in 218 BC-202 BC.
Zama was a battle in Carthage around October 19, 202 BC.
Touchstone Pictures  is one of several alternate film labels of The Walt Disney Company, established in 1984.
The United States Coast Guard is one of the 5 branches of the military of the United States.
Sean Paul Ryan Francis Henriques  is a popular and well-known Jamaican reggae and dancehall musician.
Marbury v.
The district of Bamberg is a district in Bavaria, Germany.
Theo Jörgensmann (b.
The Italian Plague of 1629-1631 was a series of outbreaks of bubonic plague from 1629 through 1631 in northern Italy.
Norwich is the county town of Norfolk, a county in the East of England.
Pir Sultan Abdal (ca.
William Byrd  was the greatest English composer of his time.
Cuneiform is the oldest kind of writing that we know of.
Menes was a pharaoh of the first dynasty of ancient Egypt.
Bast was the ancient Egyptian goddess of protection and cats.
"For the chemical element, see Radium." In Egyptian mythology, Ra was the god of the sun.
James Douglas  Morrison  was the lead singer of the rock band The Doors.
The anchovies are a family  of small but common schooling saltwater plankton-feeding fish.
Australian Aborigines are the native people of Australia.
Ian Thorpe  is an Australian swimmer.
Catherine Astrid Salome Freeman (d.o.b.
Paris Whitney Hilton  is an American celebrity.
In Egyptian mythology, Amun was a very powerful god.
Aten was a form of the ancient Egyptian god of the sun, Ra.
A clam is a type of shellfish.
Bes was the ancient Egyptian god of protection of pregnant women, newborn babies and the family.
The Hokkaido wolf "" is a subspecies of Gray Wolf.
A hornet is a type of large wasp.
In Egyptian mythology, Geb was the god of the earth.
A sting is an injury which a person may receive from a stinging nettle, wasp, bee, hornet, jellyfish or scorpion.
Type O Negative is a doom metal band from Brooklyn, New York.
Doom metal is a form of heavy metal.
Candlemass is a doom metal band from Sweden.
A split album is a music album which includes tracks by two or three separate artists.
A brown dwarf is a term for an object in space that is bigger and different than planets, but isn't a true star.
Dividends are payments made by a company to its shareholders.
Camille Dalmais  is a French singer.
Dialga is a fictional character in the Pokémon video game series.
Germanicus Caesar  was a Roman general.
Planta Solar 10  is a solar power plant located in Sanlucar la Mayor, Spain.
Feyenoord Rotterdam is a Dutch football team from Rotterdam.
Headquarters is a name given to the main building of an organization where most of its functions are done.
The Estates Theatre or Stavovské divadlo in Prague is one of the oldest and most beautiful opera houses in Europe.
The "Národní Divadlo" or the National Theatre in Prague is a very famous building which has been very important for more than 150 years for the culture of Czech history.
Rectification is the process of converting alternating current  to direct current .
In music, a drone is a note which sounds all the time while a piece of music is played.
A pedal point  is a note which keeps sounding for several bars, usually in the bass .
Euclidean geometry is a system in mathematics.
János Bolyai  was a Hungarian mathematician, known for his work in non-Euclidean geometry.
In Roman mythology, Diana was the goddess of hunting, and in later times, the moon and chastity.
In Egyptian mythology, Thoth was the deity of scribes.
This is a list of Norse gods and goddesses that are in Norse mythology.
This is a list of Egyptian gods and goddesses that are in Egyptian mythology.
In Egyptian mythology, Nut was the goddess of the sky.
Dennis Kearney  was an American politician.
The Cross of Gold speech was a famous speech at the 1896 Democratic National Convention by William Jennings Bryan.
Paolo Uccello, , was a painter from Florence in Italy, during the time known as the Early Renaissance.
Fallen Leaves is a song by the Canadian music group, Billy Talent.
"Sumer Is Icumen In" is a very old English song which can be sung as a round.
Carmen is a French opera written is 1875 by Georges Bizet.
Civil law is a system of law in the world.
The kumquats or cumquats are a group of small fruit-bearing trees.
The Teton Mountains are mountains on the border between Wyoming and Idaho in the United States of America.
Baunach is a town in the German state  of Bavaria.
Burgebrach is a municipality in the district of Bamberg located in Upper Franconia, Bavaria, Germany.
In music, an ostinato is a short pattern of notes which is repeated many times.
A Coffee System or Hot beverage system is a special machine for making coffee.
1492 Pictures is an American film production company founded by director Chris Columbus in 1995.
Life In Hell is a comic strip made by Matt Groening.
The Feijoa , also known as Pineapple Guava or Guavasteen, is an evergreen shrub or small tree, 1-7 m in height.
Wessex was an old Anglo-Saxon kingdom before England became one country.
Barrel Racing is a sport in rodeo.
Clover  is a genus of about 300 species of plants in the pea family.
Companies.
The discus throw is an event in athletics, where a heavy disc is thrown for distance.
"Eragon" is a book written by Christopher Paolini.
Captain William Baillie  was an Irish military man and artist.
Rusty Anderson  is an American guitarist, singer and songwriter from California.
A handshake is when two people hold hands for a few seconds and move them up and down before letting go.
Wave is a movement of the hand that people use to greet each other when they have just seen each other or are about to leave.
A baseball bat is a smooth wooden or metal rod used in the game of baseball to hit the ball after the ball is thrown by the pitcher.
Softball is a sport similar to baseball but pitchers throw underhand.
Dietrich Buxtehude   was a German  composer and organist.
Buxtehude is a town in Northern Germany.
The Harlem Renaissance is the name for a movement in African-American culture in the 1920s and 1930s which has had a big influence on African-American literature, philosophy and music.
Hollywood Pictures is one of The Walt Disney Company's movie companies.
The Third World is one way to describe some countries which do not have a lot of money or resources.
The Thirty Years' War was fought from 1618 until 1648.
Database normal form is a term used in Computer science.
A clipboard is a thin board with a large  clip at the top.
Ugliness is a property of physical things which are not nice to look at.
The word texture means: what things are made of and how they feel.
Microsoft Outlook Express is a email program made by Microsoft.
Michael Spinks  is an American boxer.
Goodbye is a traditional saying that is said when leaving.
A candy cane is a hard cane-shaped candy stick.
Leon Spinks  is an American boxer.
Cruiserweight is a division in boxing for fighters who weigh over 175 pounds and up to 200 pounds .
Botanic is a district of South Belfast, in the country of Ireland.
Stephen "Steve" Jay  is a bassist best known for working with the singer-songwriter "Weird Al" Yankovic.
The minimum wage is the least amount of money that employees of a business can be paid.
Dookie is the 3rd album by the band Green Day.
Joseph  Manchin III  is an American politician.
The sculptor Donatello created a life-size statue of a soldier on horseback, This work of art took place during the Renaissance of Italy.
This country house was built by Palladio in 1550.
Fiji One is a Free to Air television channel run by Fiji Television.
Comet is a chain of shops in the UK.
Sainsbury's is a supermarket chain based in the United Kingdom.
"Venus of Willendorf", also known as the "Woman of Willendorf", is an 11.1 cm  high statuette of a female figure.
The Acts of Supremacy was passed by Henry VIII in 1534.
A compact fluorescent lamp , is a type of lamp  designed to fit into the same space as an incandescent bulb, but with the advantages of a fluorescent lamp.
PL Kyodan or the Church of Perfect Liberty is an international religion that developed from the Zen Buddhist culture of Japan early in the 20th century.
Winston Smith is a fictional character and the protagonist of George Orwell's 1949 novel "Nineteen Eighty-Four".
Yantai is a coastal city facing the Huang Hai.
Qiemo is an inland city in Xinjiang, China.
A fictional universe is an made up world that is used as the setting for one or  many works of fiction.
Ronnie James Dio  is an American heavy metal singer.
Chow Yun-Fat  is a Hong Kong actor.
The Anglican Communion is an association of all Anglican churches in full communion with the Church of England.
Jules Verne  was a French writer, he is considered to be one of the first authors to write science-fiction.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles  are a group of fictional characters.
__NOTOC__ Atze Schroder  is a German comedy figure played by Hubertus Albers.
Autonomy means freedom from external authority.
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel  was a German philosopher born in Stuttgart, Württemberg, which is now southwest Germany.
The London Borough of Croydon is a London Borough.
Nicolas Sarkozy, born on 28 January, 1955 in Paris, France, has been President of France since 16 May 2007, succeeding Jacques Chirac.
Rotterdamse Voetbalvereniging "Hillesluis"  is a football club in Rotterdam.
A tyrant  is a person who rules in a very cruel way.
Johann Pachelbel , baptized 1 September 1653; died Nürnberg, buried 9 March 1706) was a German composer and organist.
Opioids is a name for chemical substances that act like morphine in the human body.
Analgetics   is the name for various drugs that are used to relieve pain.
Blender is a free, open source 3D computer graphics program.
Mark Richard Shuttleworth  is a South African business person.
Paracetamol  is a common analgesic.
Morphine   is a potent opiate analgesic drug.
Marie-Ségolène Royal , known as is a French politician.
Codeine or methylmorphine is an opiate used for its analgesic properties.
Opium is a narcotic resin produced from opium poppies "".
The Union for a Popular Movement , is the main French centre-right political party.
Methadone is a synthetic opioid.
Oxycodone is a synthetic opioid.
Pethidine or meperidine is a fully synthetic opioid.
The French National Assembly  is one of the two houses of the Parliament of France under the Fifth Republic.
Hypertyroidism is a medical condition.
 Apophis is a near-Earth asteroid that worried people for a short in December 2004.
Dance music is music that is made to be danced to.
Baruch Spinoza  was a Dutch philosopher of Portuguese Jewish origin.
Rationalism is a branch of philosophy where the validity of an idea is determined by logic, rather than religious revelations, meditation, emotions or observations.
2029  will be a common year starting on Monday of the Gregorian calendar.
"Elephants Dream" is a short movie made using mostly open source software.
The Chapel Royal is a group of priests and singers who sing church services for the British monarch .
Orlando Gibbons  was an English composer and organist.
Waits or Waites were British town pipers.
The oath was a pledge signed by 576 members out of 577 of France's Third Estate and a few members of the Second Estate on June 20, 1789 in a tennis court near the Palace of Versailles.
A chart or graph is an image which summarizes data and presents it in an easy to understand way.
Samuel Adams , 1722–October 2, 1803) was an American leader, politician, writer, and political philosopher, and one of the Founding Fathers of the United States.
A bar chart is a type of chart which shows the values of different categories of data as rectangular bars with different lengths.
A pie chart is a type of chart with the shape of a pie or circle.
The "Biographical Directory of the United States Congress" is a biographical dictionary of all present and former members of the United States Congress.
A teapot is a container used to mix tea leaves with boiling water to make tea.
"Le Monde"  is a French daily evening newspaper.
Begging the question requires two or more ideas.
Ciwan Haco  is a Kurdish singer.
Tata Young  is a Thai-American singer, model and actress.
Practice or practise  is the act of repeating a behavior over and over, or doing an activity again and again.
Stevens' power law is a proposed relationship between the magnitude of a physical stimulus and the intensity or strength that people feel.
Stimulus  is a change in the environment around a person or thing that can feel the change.
A logic gate is an electronic component that can be used to conduct electricity based on a rule.
The Plaza Mayor of Madrid was built in the 1400's on the same location as the old Plaza del Arrabal .
The Gran Vía  is one of the most important shopping areas in Madrid, Spain.
Cibeles is the name given to the marble fountain found in the Plaza de Cibeles  on the Paseo de la Castellana.
The Puerta del Sol  is known as 'Spain's belly button'.
The Palacio Real de Madrid  is the official home of the King of Spain.
The Puerta de Alcalá  is a monument in the Plaza de la Independencia  in Madrid, Spain.
Plaza is a Spanish word related to "field" which describes an open public space in a city, such as a city square.
In physiology, transduction is the conversion or change of a stimulus from one form to another.
History.
Lyrics are the words to a song.
Judicial review is the power of a court to decide whether a law or decision by the government is constitutional.
Asian Dust  is a weather occurrence that happens each year.
Aden Abdulle Osman Daar  , was a Somali politician.
A service of worship is a religious meeting where people come together, usually in a church or cathedral, in order to worship God.
Bandidos is a motorcycle club with a worldwide membership.
Hells Angels is a motorcycle club with a worldwide membership.
The Outlaws Motorcycle Club is an American motorcycle club.
Blood and Honour is a Neo-Nazi music promotion network.
Perry Rhodan is a German science fiction series, published since 1961.
Wieluń is a city in the central Poland.
Nasjonal Samling  was a fascist party in Norway, active in the period 1933-1945.
One Piece  is an Anime series created by Eiichiro Oda, and follows the Mugiwara Pirates, led by captain Monkey D.
Style guides give help on language usage when writing.
The Retiro Park is the best known park in Madrid.
The Palacio de Cristal or Crystal Palace is a large glass building in Madrid, Spain.
The Plaza de Toros de Las Ventas is a building in Madrid, Spain used mainly for bullfighting.
Yellow spot or macula is an oval yellow spot near the center of the retina of human eye.
The retina is the thin layer of cells that lines the back of the eyeball in humans and in many animals.
The Exploited is a Scottish punk rock band.
4Kids Entertainment  is an American movie and television production company.
Cubism is a style of art which breaks the thing which is being painted into pieces and then uses these shapes to put the image in an abstract form.
Sham 69 is a punk rock band from England.
Visual acuity  is acuteness or clearness of vision, especially form vision, which depends on the sharpness of the retinal focus within the eye, the sensitivity of the nervous elements, and the interpretative faculty of the brain.
Bob Baker  was an American boxer.
Her Excellency the Rt.
Pascal Duquenne is a Belgian actor.
Sister Anne Catherine Emmerich  was a German Augustinian nun.
The New Year is an event that happens when a culture celebrates the end of one year and the beginning of the next year.
Polyethylene  is a thermoplastic.
Polyvinyl chloride, also called Polychloroethene or PVC, is a thermoplastic.
Clarence Henry  was an American heavyweight boxer.
The Supreme Leader of Iran is the head of state of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
The President of Iran is the head of government of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Ayatollah Sayyed Ruhollah Mustafavi Khomeini   sometimes shortened to Ayatollah Khomeini was a Muslim religious leader.
A Theocracy is a form of government.
Ayatollah Ahmad Jannati  has been the secretary of the Guardian Council of the Islamic Republic of Iran since 1988.
The Guardian Council is a governmental body that ensures the laws passed by Iran's legislature are Islamic.
An incumbent is someone who currently holds a political office.
Assembly of Experts was created after the Islamic Revolution in Iran.
Ayatollah Ali Meshkini  has been the chairman of the Assembly of Experts of the Islamic Republic of Iran since 1984.
In the law, the judiciary or judicial system is the system of courts which administer justice in the name of the sovereign or state.
Ayatollah Seyyed Mahmoud Hashemi Shahroudi  has been the head of the judiciary of the Islamic Republic of Iran since 1999.
The Expediency Discernment Council is a governmental body for resolving disputes between the Guardian Council and the legislature in the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Mata Hari was the stage name of Margaretha Geertruida  Zelle .
Father Damien, also Blessed Damien of Molokai, born as Joseph de Veuster in Belgium on January 3, 1840 and died on April 15, 1889, was a Roman Catholic Priest and missionary.
William Harrison "Jack" Dempsey  was an American boxer who held the world heavyweight title between 1919 and 1926.
Jess Willard  was an American boxer.
Nicholas II of Russia,  was the last Tsar or Emperor of Russia.
William Tell  is a folk hero from Switzerland.
Antioch on the Orontes was an ancient city on the eastern side  of the Orontes River on the site of the modern city of Antakya, Turkey.
The Pitman arm is a component that converts the angular motion of a sector shaft into linear motion.
A solvent is a liquid that becomes a solution by dissolving a solid, liquid, or gaseous solute.
In chemistry, the term inert is used to describe something that is not chemically active.
An electron shell is the outside part of an atom around the atomic nucleus.
A wheelchair is a type of chair usually used by handicapped people.
Fuel oil is a fraction obtained from petroleum distillation, either as a distillate or a residue.
Horse Hollow Wind Energy Center is the world's biggest wind farm at 735.5MW capacity.
Andasol 1 solar power station is a large solar thermal power plant, near Guadix in Andalusia, in the province of Granada, one of the sunniest regions in Spain.
The Atlantic slave trade was the selling of African slaves by Europeans that happened in and around the Atlantic Ocean.
The African slave trade was a trade in slaves, and, like most of the world, has carried on for thousands of years in Africa.
The Pocking Solar Park is a 10 Megawatt  solar photovoltaic plant which is among the largest in the world.
Fractional distillation is a way to separate a mixture of chemical compounds so that each part  of the mixture can be kept apart from the other chemicals.
The Monte Alto photovoltaic power plant in Spain has a generating capacity of 9.55 megawatts peak  and will generate 14 million kilowatt-hours of electricity per year.
Also known as, "a smell", an odor or odour is a volatilized chemical compound, generally at a very low concentration, which humans and other animals perceive by the sense of olfaction.
The European Ash is a tree.
Spain is the fourth largest manufacturer in the world of solar power technology and exports 80 percent of this output to Germany.
It begins with a stimulus upon the receptor cells of a sensory organ, which then leads to perception, the mental state that is reflected in statements like "I see a uniformly blue wall." A sensation that might lead to that statement could include the excitation of cone cells in the retina.
Instant soups are a kind of soup.
In psychology and the cognitive sciences, perception is the process of getting, interpreting, selecting, and organizing sensory information.
is a type of thin Japanese noodle.
Carmen Basilio  was an American boxer who held the welterweight and middleweight world championship.
Johnny Saxton  was an American boxer who won the welterweight championship.
The Weber–Fechner law is a proposed relationship between the magnitude of a physical stimulus and the intensity or strength that people feel.
A logarithmic scale is a scale of measurement that uses the logarithm of a physical quantity instead of the quantity itself.
Noodle soup is a kind of soup.
One speaks of scale in context with measurement if something is represented proportionally by something else.
Astronomy.
A map or floor plan has a certain scale'".
Midnight sun is a phenomenon that exists north of the Arctic circle and south of the Antarctic circle.
"Eight Below" is a 2006 Walt Disney Pictures movie.
General Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono , is an Indonesian retired military general and politician.
The Most Noble Order of the Garter  is an English order of chivalry.
HD DVD, also known as High-Definition DVD, is an optical disc that is able to store large amounts of data, such as high-definition videos.
Bruges  is a city in the north-west of Belgium.
Immortality or eternal life is the idea of something which is alive that will stay alive forever.
The European Union  has an independent parliament and civil service which is distinct from those of the 27 member states.
Wittingen is a small town in the north of the district of Gifhorn, Lower Saxony, Germany.
The Golden Gloves is the name given to competitions held every year for amateur boxing in the United States.
Charles "Sonny" Liston  was an American boxer.
Common Buckwheat  is a plant.
The Kinston Indians are a baseball team in Kinston, North Carolina.
Columbia University in the City of New York  is a research university in the United States.
The Columbian Exchange is one of the most important events in history.
Ragusa is the capital of the southernmost province of Italian, with 72,808 inhabitants in the city and more than 310,000 in the province area.
Elliott Carter  is an American composer.
Dubrovnik is a city in Croatia.
Sichuan pepper  is a part of a fruit of a plant, that is used as a spice.
Corresponding to most kinds of particle, there is an associated antiparticle with the same mass and opposite charges.
Hamo Beknazarian, also known as Hamo Bek Nazarov  was a Armenian movie director.
Henrik Malyan  was an Armenian film director.
The Septuagint  is a Ancient Greek translation of parts of the Old Testamenŧ.
Katharine Hope McPhee  is an American Pop/R&B singer.
The World Heavyweight Championship is the top wrestling honor for World Wrestling Entertainment's Raw brand.
The Islamic calendar (Arabic: التقويم الهجريis a calendar.
Town privileges were important things.
Medieval music means music from the Middle Ages.
The neolithic is the youngest part of the Stone Age.
A crotchet or quarter note is a note played for one fourth of a whole note .
Burzum is a black metal band from Bergen, Norway.
John Collins  is a Scottish footballer.
Mayhem is a black metal band from Norway.
"Shrek" is an animated movie based upon William Steig's 1990 fairy tale picture book called "Shrek!".
"Mom at Sixteen" is a 2005 made-for-TV movie.
Danielle Nicole Panabaker (b.
Renaissance music is European music written from about the year 1400 to 1600.
Stephanie Kay Panabaker  is an American actress from Orange, Texas.
Haley Hudson  is an American actress.
Enslaved is a band from Haugesund, Norway; their music has been called black metal and viking metal.
Viking metal is a heavy metal music subgenre inspired by Norse mythology.
Musica ficta is a term used in medieval and Renaissance music.
Universal Studios Japan is one of three Universal Studios theme parks; it is located in Osaka, Japan.
A gap year refers to time taken between completing secondary school and going to a university or college or also between college and graduate school or a profession.
A beam bridge is a strong, horizontal structure that rests on two end supports, and carries traffic by acting as a beam.
Gene Simmons  is an Israely-American hard rock bass guitarist and singer for the hard rock band Kiss.
Fox News Channel is an American cable television news network, owned by Fox Entertainment Group .
Myocardium is the muscular tissue of the heart.
Omsk is a city in Russia.
The question mark is a punctuation mark that is used at the end of a sentence when asking a question.
Kevin Earl Federline  is an American entertainer, who dances, raps and models as his job.
Mercyful Fate is a heavy metal band from Denmark.
An electrical circuit is a path which electrons from a voltage or current source follow.
A quiz is a type of game or mind sport when the players  try to answer questions correctly.
John Hancock  – October 8, 1793 ) was President of the Second Continental Congress and of the Congress of the Confederation; first Governor of Massachusetts; and the first person to sign the United States Declaration of Independence.
Huldrych  Zwingli or Ulricus Zuinglius  was the leader of the Protestant Reformation in Switzerland, and founder of the Swiss Reformed Churches.
20th century classical music is classical music written during the last century.
Cuxhaven is a town in Lower Saxony, Germany.
SuperSWOT is an expanded version of Albert Humphrey's SWOT Analysis.
Haifa Wehbe  is a female Lebanese singer, actress, model, and jewelry designer who is known in the Arab world.
In music, dynamics means how loud or quiet the music is.
Francesco di Giovanni Botticini (ca.
Grana Padano is a kind of hard cheese.
The North American Free Trade Agreement  is a trade agreement between Mexico, the United States, and Canada.
Language revival is when people try to make a language that is not spoken, or is spoken very little, becomes spoken more often again.
John Travolta  is an American actor and dancer.
Objectivity in science means that scientific measurement can be tested independent from the individual scientist  who proposes them.
"Roundhay Garden Scene" is a short movie made on October 14, 1888 in the garden of "Oakwood Grange", Roundhay, Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
Herpetology is the branch of zoology concerned with reptiles and amphibians.
Alpha Kappa Alpha is the first sorority founded by African-American women.
Fraud is a crime in which someone tricks somebody else into giving them something, especially money.
A pump is a machine which moves a liquid or a gas from one place to another, often upwards.
Ioan Petru Culianu  was a Romanian historian of religion, culture, ideas, philosopher, political essayist, poet, mystic and short story writer.
In popular music marketing, a single is a record release with only one or two songs.
Captain America is a fictional superhero from the Marvel Comics.
Objectivity is a significant principle of journalistic professionalism.
The Genesis Nomad is a portable video game console released by the Sega Corporation.
The Erlasee Solar Park is located in one of the sunniest regions of Germany.
Khula is the right of a woman to ask her husband for a divorce and to offer him a compensation in case he does so.
Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , Hashemi Bahramani  born on August 25, 1934, is an influential Iran ian politician.
Evander Holyfield  is an American boxer.
Porthmadog Football Club is a football team, playing in the League of Wales.
"Sharia  is the body of Islamic law.
Wadowice is a town in Poland in the mountainous Zakopane region, 30 miles  southeast of Krakow - .
A piano duet is a piece of music written for two people to play at one piano.
Rice wine is a word some people use to talk about alcoholic drinks.
Alcopops are alcoholic drinks.
Pedalling in music means the art of using the pedals on musical instruments.
Alcoholism is the medical condition of people who often drink too much alcohol, or feel that they have to, even when it causes health and social problems.
A sprain is a type of injury in which a person hurts the part really bad, but it is not broken.
The Second Sino-Japanese War  was a major war fought between the Republic of China and the Empire of Japan, both before and during World War II.
In anatomy, the term ligament mostly means fibrous tissue that connects bones to other bones.
A county  is the Polish second-level unit of administration, equivalent to a county, district or prefecture in other countries.
1.
Carolina Gynning  is a Swedish celebrity and model.
Carrie Marie Underwood  is a US pop country singer.
Nicole Camille Richie  is an American socialite, actress, author, and singer.
"The Simple Life" is the name of a reality television series originally broadcast on Fox from 2003 to 2005 and on E! from 2006 to today.
Jordin Brianna Sparks  is an American singer.
Taylor Reuben Hicks  is an American singer, songwriter and musician.
Oba Chandler  is a murderer who is on death row in Florida for the murders of a woman and her two daughters.
All Saints Day is celebrated by Catholic Christians on November 1.
"Ishy Bilady" is the national anthem  of the seven United Arab Emirates.
Strain is a verb meaning to separate bigger substances from liquids.
Origami is a Japanese paper folding art.
JSPWiki is a feature-rich and extensible WikiWiki software built around the standard J2EE components .
Statements are made when one remarks with critique, explaining ones opinion.
A Polyhedron  is a geometrical shape.
A Pentagon is a polygon with 5 edges.
A Calendar date is a way to refer to a certain day in a calendar.
The Iranian calendar also known as Persian calendar or the Jalāli Calendar is a solar calendar.
A hexagon is a polygon with 6 sides and 6 corners .
The West Edmonton Mall  is the largest shopping center in North America.
Ayatollah Sayyid Ahmad Khatami is a member of the Iranian Assembly of Experts.
A tendon  is a tough band of tissue that connects muscle to bone.
"Coffee substitutes" are products that try to taste like coffee.
Kuzcham Dherai  is a town in the North-West Frontier Province, Pakistan.
The Croatian language is spoken mainly in Croatia throughout the countries, and surrounding countries of Europe.
A prize is an award given to a person or a group of people to reward actions or achievements.
The term Christian Church, Catholic Church or One Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church, as it was called by 110 AD, refers to the "universal company of believers".
A religious denomination  is a subgroup within a religion that has a common name, tradition, and identity.
The word denomination is used for a large group of Christian people right across the world who use the same name, the same sort of organisation and have the same  beliefs.
List of Christian denominations  ordered by historical and doctrinal relationships.
This article cannot give precise information about the size of any Christian denomination, but it tries - following the article in the English Wikipedia - to give information about the relative size of denominations.
Christendom, in the widest sense, means Christianity as a territorial phenomenon.
A creed is a statement or confession of belief — usually religious belief — or faith.
A creed is a statement of belief, usually religious.
The shahadah  is the Islamic creed.
According to the teaching of the Roman Catholic Church, Purgatory is the "final purification of the elect": "All who die in God's grace and friendship, but still imperfectly purified, are indeed assured of their eternal salvation; but after death they undergo purification, so as to achieve the holiness necessary to enter the joy of heaven." Purgatory in art and culture.
William Blake  was an English poet, visionary, painter, and printmaker.
An institution is social structure in which people cooperate and which influences the behavior of people and the way they live.
In biology, a race is group of organisms.
The term Modern Times is used in history to describe the period of time immediately following the Early Modern Times.
The phenotype of an individual organism describes one of its traits or characteristics.
The Key lime is a citrus fruit.
The Age of Discovery or Age of Exploration was a period from the early 15th century and continuing into the early 17th century, during which European ships traveled around the world to search for new trading routes and partners.
Persian Lime , also known as Tahiti lime or Bearss lime is a kind of citrus fruit.
The Kaffir lime , also known as kieffer lime, makrut, or magrood, is a citrus fruit native to Indonesia.
Medina IPA:/mɛˈdiːnə/  is a city in the Hejaz region of western Saudi Arabia.
Doctrine  is a code of beliefs or "a body of teachings".
The citron  is a species of citrus fruit.
Citric acid is a weak organic acid.
Abu Musa Jabir ibn Hayyan  (c.
Carl Wilhelm Scheele  a German-Swedish pharmaceutical chemist, born in Stralsund, Western Pomerania, Germany , was the discoverer of many chemical substances, most notably discovering oxygen before Joseph Priestley and chlorine before Humphry Davy.
Micheline Calmy-Rey  is a Swiss politician.
Mystery Ink is a show that origanally aired in 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, and for part of 2004.
Criss Angel Mindfreak is an American television program.
A piano trio is a group of three instruments including a piano.
Franz Grillparzer  was an Austrian dramatist and poet.
Johann Georg Albrechtsberger  was an Austrian composer, organist, music theorist and music teacher.
"Fidelio" is an opera in two acts by Ludwig van Beethoven.
"Für Elise"  is the popular title of the "Bagatelle in A minor", for piano by Ludwig van Beethoven.
Teplice  is a small town in Bohemia, the western area of the Czech Republic.
Symphony no 9 in d minor op 125  by Ludwig van Beethoven is one of the most famous pieces of music ever written.
Shatin Pui Ying College is a Christian secondary school.
In Computer science, a heuristic is a kind of algorithm.
In mathematics, a Mersenne number is a number that is one less than a "power of two".
Solar radiation is the energy given off by the sun in all directions.
Insolation is the solar radiation that reaches the earth's surface.
"The Settlers II" is a real-time strategy  computer video game.
Hugo Rafael Chávez Frías   is the current president of Venezuela.
Granule is a generic term used for a small particle or grain.
In cell biology, a granule can be any structure barely visible by light microscopy.
The cytosol (cf.
Joan Jett  is an American singer and is best known for her number one single "I Love Rock n Roll".
Marble is a metamorphic rock that developed from limestone.
Fan fiction or fanfiction  is a name for fiction created by fans instead of the original author.
The Three Laws of Robotics are three rules, written by Isaac Asimov.
An electromagnetic wave is a wave in space with electric and magnetic components.
Hand-held grenades.
Nathuram Vinayak Godse  , born at Baramati, Pune District, India was the man who assassinated Mahatma Gandhi.
Cradle of Filth is a metal band from England.
Doronpa, born Makoto Sakurai, is a Japanese activist, writer and internet blogger from Fukuoka province.
George Adamski  was a Polish-born American who became known in ufology circles after he said he photographed ships from other planets, met with aliens, and took flights with them.
The term efficiency means that a person or machine do good work without spending too much resources, that means energy, material, capital and labour.
"Manga Kenkanryu"  is a Japanese manga book where Koreans are described as ugly and stupid.
Donkey Kong is is a Nintendo video game character.
Sharin Yamano is a Japanese manga artist.
The categorical imperative is an idea that Immanuel Kant had about ethics.
Multiculturalism is a word that describes a society where many different cultures live together.
Comfort women are women who served the Japanese Imperial Army as sex slaves during World War II.
Glycolysis is the archetype of all metabolic processes known.
In psychology, an archetype is a model of a person, personality, or behavior.
A prototype is an original type, form, or instance of some thing serving as a typical example, basis, epitome, or standard for other things of the same category.
Flies in the genus  "Microdon" are different from most other flies because they are myrmecophiles, which means they live in ant nests.
A pattern is an idea, a concept or a model.
Bean is the name used for the seeds of several plants.
The Luxembourg Franc was the type of currency used in Luxembourg from 1848 to 1999.
The Belgian franc was a type of money.
Paradise Island is an island in the Bahamas.
Eddie Izzard  is a British actor and stand-up comedian.
Emulators are things that make one kind of computer behave like a different one, so that it can use the same programs or do the same things.
ReactOS is a project to develop an operating system that is compatible with software for Microsoft Windows 2000 and its successors.
MenuetOS  is an operating system for architecture computers for x86 and x86_64 processors, by Ville Mikael Turjanmaa.
SkyOS is a privately owned operating system currently in production.
Jodie Foster  is an American actress.
The President of the French Republic is the head of state of France.
The word "orthodoxy", from the Greek "ortho"  and "doxa" , is typically used to refer to the correct worship or the correct theological and doctrinal of religion.
Corn Pops is a breakfast cereal made by Kellogg's.
Końskowola is a village in Southeastern Poland.
Erich Maria Remarque  was the pseudonym of Erich Paul Remark, a German author.
Bellinzona  is the capital of the Swiss Canton of Ticino.
James Rodney "J.
Conrad "Cronos" Lant is the vocalist and bass player in black metal band Venom.
County Wicklow  is a county on the east coast of Ireland.
Lusaka is the capital of Zambia.
A shield is the name used to refer to any object or force used to block something.
A kite shield is a Middle Age shield in the shape of a kite.
Monowheel.
The Socialist Party  is one of the largest political parties in France.
Anomie means a condition when a person has no  standards or values.
Fog is a time of very thick mist.
Frost is formed when water vapor freezes onto a surface.
The 1983 Atlantic hurricane season was the least active Atlantic hurricane season ever recorded.
Alexandra Fyodorovna   was Empress consort of Nicholas II, the last Tsar of the Russian Empire.
Richard Tiffany Gere  is an American actor.
Rikishi  is a word used to call a professional sumo wrestler.
The thorax is the middle of the three main body sections of an insect or crustacean.
Edda or the plural Eddas or Eddur, including "Poetic Edda"  and "Prose Edda" , are two collections of stories about Viking deities.
Njord is a god in Norse mythology.
Freyr , in Norse mythology is a god of prosperity and fertility.
Folkvang, in Norse mythology, is the goddess Freyja's place.
Sessrumnir, in Norse mythology, is the goddess Freyja's hall.
Spinach is a green, leafy vegetable.
Arta Prefecture is one of the 51 prefectures of Greece.
The word cardiomyopathy means "heart muscle disease".
Normlessness is when norms are very poor or below a standard.
One common understanding of norm is: something that is regarded as normal or typical.
The Fire Salamander  is probably the most well-known salamander species in Europe.
A clamp is a device used to hold things tightly together and to prevent movement of separation of objects.
Miamisburg is a city in Montgomery County, Ohio, United States.
The family Salamandridae is a family of amphibians.
Legalism was one of the four main philosophies in Chinese history during the Warring States period.
The Gold Coast Art Centre is a place in Gold Coast, in Queensland, Australia.
Reynoldsburg is a city in Fairfield, Franklin, and Licking counties in the U.S.
In Egyptian mythology, Sekhmet was the goddess of fire, war, and plague.
Heterodoxy means a position that is not within the standards of orthodoxy or to put it precisely "any opinions or doctrines at variance with an official or orthodox position".
Isotherms are lines drawn around places with the same temperature range on isotherm maps.
Endogenic  is a geological term.
See also.
The Hourglass Dolphin is small and wide compared to other dolphins.
Barberry is a type of shrub, usually with spines and yellow flowers and red or blackish berries.It is used for medicines.
The Hellbenders and Asian Giant Salamanders  are aquatic amphibians.
Manfred von Richthofen , nicknamed the "Red Baron", was a pilot in World War I.
The Fokker Dr.I was a World War I fighter airplane designed by Reinhold Platz and built by Fokker-Flugzeugwerke.
Elmer Earl "Butch" Hartman IV  is an American animator, creator of "The Fairly OddParents" and "Danny Phantom".
Modes of limited transposition are a kind of musical scale.
Olivier Messiaen  was a French composer and organist.
Simplified Chinese is one of the two commonly used forms of writing Chinese languages.
Traditional Chinese is one of the two commonly used forms of writing Chinese languages.
Windows Server 2008 is the name of the current server operating system from Microsoft, the previous version of which was Windows Server 2003.
Windows Server 2003 is a server operating system produced by Microsoft.
Perry or pear cider is an alcoholic drink that is made from pear juice.
Plate tectonics) is a theory of geology.
The lithosphere is the solid shell of a rocky planet called earth.
The New Jersey Devils are an ice hockey that is part of the NHL.
The Nashville Predators are a professional ice hockey team based in Nashville, Tennessee.
Crookes is an area of the City of Sheffield, England, about 2.5 kilometers  west of the center of the city.
The Dallas Stars are a professional ice hockey team based in Dallas, Texas.
Pharmaconomist means expert in pharmaceuticals .
Broomhill which includes the areas of Sheffield of Broomhill, Crookesmoor, Endcliffe, and Tapton, is one of the 28 wards in City of Sheffield, in the country of England.
Owen Lee Hargreaves is a Canadian-born English football player.
The asthenosphere is part of earth's mantle.
Carlo Airoldi  was an Italian marathon runner, famous for walking to the 1896 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.
Joseph Priestley  was an English chemist, philosopher, clergyman, and teacher.
Vincent Kennedy McMahon, better known as Vince McMahon or Mr.
Ogden Nash  was a famous American poet.
The 1986 Atlantic hurricane season officially started on June 1, 1983, and ended on November 30.
Abidjan is the largest city and former capital of Côte d'Ivoire.
Accra is the capital city of Ghana.
Rainstorm is a sudden heavy fall of rain.
César Franck , was a French composer, organist and music teacher of Belgian and German origin who lived in France.
Addis Ababa  is the capital city of Ethiopia.
In Computing, a home directory is a special directory .
Navruz is a holiday celebrated early spring 21-22 March in Iran and many other countries in Central Asia including Tajikistan,Pakistan, Kazakhstan and Afghanistan.
Earth's mantle is the 2,900 km thick rocky shell making up about 70% of Earth's volume.
Robert Burns  -  was a famous poet born in Alloway, Ayrshire, Scotland.
A book club is a club where people regularly meet to discuss a book that they have read and talk about their opinions, likes, dislikes of the characters and plot.
VRS stands for Video Relay Service.
When talking about file systems, a directory  is a way to organize computer files.
The Florida Panthers are an ice hockey team that plays in the NHL.
The Carolina Hurricanes are an ice hockey team that plays in the NHL.
Dakar is the capital city of Senegal.
IRCAM stands for "Institut de Recherche et Coordination Acoustique/Musique" .
Yaoundé is the capital city of the Republic of Cameroon.
Asmara is the capital city of Eritrea.
Bamako is the capital and largest city of Mali.
Lomé is the capital city of Togo.
The 2002 Atlantic hurricane season was a yearly event of tropical cyclones forming in the Atlantic Ocean.
Wireless Markup Language  is a programming language used for of wireless devices.
Maseru  is the capital city of Lesotho.
Fandom  or Fanbase is a name used for a group of people  who are interested in something.
The New York Islanders are an ice hockey team that plays in the NHL.
The Phoenix Coyotes are an ice hockey team that plays in the NHL.
The Buffalo Sabres are an ice hockey team that plays in the National Hockey League.
The Columbus Blue Jackets are an ice hockey team that plays in the NHL.
The Atlanta Thrashers are an NHL ice hockey team.
Rachael Ray  is an Emmy-award winning television personality and author.
Sophora is a genus of about 45 species of small trees and shrubs in the subfamily "Faboideae" of the pea family "Fabaceae".
Blue-green algae is a bacterial taxon, scientifically known as Cyanobacteria κυανός .
Teletypewriter  is a tool to allows a deaf or hard of hearing invidiual make a phone call.
Of Montreal is an American indie pop band formed in Athens, Georgia, fronted by Kevin Barnes.
Alcalá de Henares is a city in the Community of Madrid, Spain.It is thirty kilometres from Madrid,and it has a population of around 200,000.
The Alpine Newt  is an amphibian.
A differential equation is a mathematical equation for an unknown function of one or several variables which relates the values of the function itself and of its derivatives of various orders.
Windhoek  is the capital city of Namibia.
A boiling tube is a large tube made of glass, which is used in laboratory to strongly heat substances.
The 1982 Atlantic hurricane season was a yearly event of tropical cyclones in the Atlantic Ocean.
Ouagadougou is the capital of Burkina Faso.
The Venetian language  is a Romance language.
Yamoussoukro is the official capital city of Côte d'Ivoire .
Bloemfontein is one of the three capital cites of South Africa.
Jack Black (born Thomas J.
Dough is a paste made out of flour by mixing it with a small amount of water.
A muffin is a small bread- or cake-like baked food.
An English muffin " muffin)" is a round, flat bread made from a dough with yeast and enriched with butter and milk.
Cornbread or Johnny cake is a name for any number of "quick breads"- bread leavened chemically instead of by yeast- containing cornmeal.
A cupcake  is a small cake made to serve one person, usually made in a small paper cup container.
Curry  is the English word for any of a general variety of spiced dishes, best-known in Indian, Bangladeshi, Sri Lankan, Indonesian, Malaysian, Pakistani, Thai, and other South Asian and Southeast Asian cuisines, though curry has been adopted into many other cuisines.
A shore or shoreline is the fringe of land at the edge of a large body of water, such as an ocean, sea, or lake.
A stick is a long, slender piece of wood, usually a branch from a tree without the leaves.
is an ongoing manga series authored by mangaka Tite Kubo.
Whyalla is a city located on Eyre Peninsula, on the shore of Spencers Gulf, South Australia.
Ronald Ernest Paul  is a Republican Congressman from the state of Texas.
The city of Djibouti is the capital and largest city of the Republic of Djibouti.
Jamestown is a harbour and the capital of the British island of Saint Helena.
Markus Näslund  is a Swedish ice hockey player in the NHL.
Pier Gerlofs Donia, 1480 - 1520.
Desiderius Erasmus Roterodamus   was a Dutch humanist, theologian and philosopher.
The Elfstedentocht'", Dutch for "Eleven cities tour" is a race of people on ice skates; an ice skating tour of 200 kilometers.
Sneek  is a city in Friesland.
Huelva is a city in Andalusia, Spain and the capital of the province of Huelva.
Clinton Richard Dawkins  is a writer and a teacher at the University of Oxford.
A stalactite is a form that can be found on the ceiling of a cave.
A slayer is someone who kills animals or people.
Ranma ½ is an anime which was based on a manga made by Rumiko Takahashi.
Marriage.
A type species fixes the name of a genus in zoology or botany.
Enrique Lucio Eugenio Gaspar y Rimbau  was a Spanish diplomat and writer.
Laksa is a popular spicy noodle soup from Peranakan culture.
"Scarface" is an action movie made in 1983.
Contract killing is murder where a person or group is paid  to kill someone else.
Ecstasy , is an illegal drug.
The Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale is a scale categorizing mainly Western Hemisphere tropical cyclones that go beyond the strength of "tropical depressions" and "tropical storms", and thus become hurricanes.
The Eastern Catholic Churches are autonomous churches.
Sanjaya Malakar  is an American singer who gained attention from appearing on the reality show "American Idol".
Pangolins  are mammals which live in Africa and Asia.
Antananarivo is the capital city of Madagascar.
Alex was an African grey parrot.
Lobamba is the legislative capital of Swaziland.
Franklin Roberto Lashley  is an American professional wrestler.
Newry  is a city in Northern Ireland.
Shizuka Arakawa  is a figure skater from Japan.
Mamoudzou is the capital of the French overseas collectivity of Mayotte.
Moroni  is the capital of the Comoros.
Porto-Novo  is the capital of the West African country of Benin.
Praia is the capital of the island nation of Cape Verde.
The Coptic Catholic Church is church in full communion with the Pope.
Roberto Luongo  is a hockey goaltender in the National Hockey League .
Robert De Niro  is an American movie actor.
The Internet Archive  is a non-profit organization that has an on-line library and archive of Web and multimedia resources.
An archive is a collection of records.
In Christianity, a baby might be baptised when they were young.
"My-Otome"  is an anime made by the Sunrise Inc..
Difference can mean more than one thing.
To praise means to say that something is very good because someone has done a moral act, in a high way.
An Osprey is a type of fish-eating bird.
Thoughts are the messages sent from the brain for living creatures to know how to act without failure.
"Dauria" is an Russian 1971 historical action/drama directed by Viktor Tregubovich.
Petr  Shelokhonov (August 15, 1929 in Belarus - September 15 1999, St.
Hurricane Vince was one of the strangest hurricanes ever to form in the Atlantic Ocean.
Conakry or Konakry is the capital and largest city of Guinea.
Cotonou is the economy capital of Benin.
Dodoma is the capital city of Tanzania.
N'Djamena is the capital of Chad.
The San Jose Sharks are an ice hockey team that plays in the National Hockey League.
Bujumbura is the capital city of Burundi.
Stems can refer to two things in music, relating to music notation and production.
Corn flakes are a breakfast cereal normally served with milk.
Frosted Flakes  or Frosties  is a cereal like Corn Flakes from Kellogg's, but coated with frosted sugar.
"Aqua Teen Hunger Force" is an American comedy television series that is shown on the Cartoon Network's Adult Swim.
Cowley is a town in the American state of Wyoming.
Big Horn County is a county in Northern Wyoming.
Fort Bragg is a town in California's Mendocino County.
Mendocino County is a county in Northern California.
Brigham Young University  is an American university which is named after the second LDS prophet, Brigham Young.
Provo is an American city in the state of Utah.
Kimberly Denise Jones, better known as Lil' Kim,  is a rap artist.
Lehi is the first prophet listed in the Book of Mormon.
Saint-Denis is the administrative capital  of the French controlled island of Réunion, in the Indian Ocean.
Chen Shui-bian   is the President of Taiwan.
"The Suite Life of Zack & Cody" is a television series on Disney Channel.
São Tomé is the capital city of São Tomé and Príncipe.
The Everglades is a big swamp in the southern part of Florida near the city of Miami.
"Lost" is an American television series that follows the lives of plane crash survivors on a tropical island, somewhere in the South Pacific.
The Western United States—commonly referred to as the American West or simply The West—traditionally refers to the westernmost states of the United States.
The Monaco Grand Prix  is a Formula One race held each year on the Circuit de Monaco.
Bangui is the capital city of Central African Republic.
Independent Television  is a public service network of British commercial television broadcasters, set up under the Independent Television Authority  to provide competition to the BBC.
Secularism, also called Secularity or sometimes Laicity  is the idea of something being not religious or not connected to a church.
Jeremie Aliadiere  is a French football player who is currently with Arsenal but is set to move to Middlesbrough.
Walgreens is a pharmacy chain throughout North America.
The Cascade Volcanic Arc  is a major range of volcanoes in southwestern British Columbia, Washington, Oregon and in northern California.
Satoru Iwata  is a Japanese businessman.
Pocket lint is lint found in the bottom of pockets.
Subtropical Storm Andrea was the first named storm and first subtropical cyclone of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season.
A force field is a field of energy that usually blocks something.
A shaman is a kind of medicine man who practices shamanism.
A Plasma window is a field of plasma that fills an area of space.
Bari  is a city in southern Italy.
Titus Macchius Plautus wrote plays in Ancient Rome.
Mount Edziza, located 38 km southeast of Telegraph Creek, British Columbia, Canada, is a potentially active volcanic complex in the Stikine Volcanic Belt.
Ghiyās al-Dīn Abu al-Fath Omār ibn Ibrāhīm Khayyām Nishābūrī  or Omar Khayyam (b.
Sir Bobby Robson  is a former English football manager.
The subfamily Deomyinae consists of four genera of mouse-like rodents.
Image:Acomys.cahirinus.cahirinus.6871.jpg|thumb|Spiny mouse at the Leipzig Zoo The term spiny mouse refers to any species of rodent within the genus "Acomys".
The underworld is a term used in many religions and mythologies to refer to the place where people believed they would go after they died, or where their souls would go to after they died.
Anglicanism is the term used for the doctrine, religious belief, faith, system, practice and principles of the Church of England and other Anglican churches.
The Cumshots is a heavy metal band from Norway.
The pocket gophers are burrowing rodents of the family Geomyidae.
Geomyoidea is a superfamily of rodent that contains the pocket gophers , the kangaroo rats and mice , and their fossil relatives.
The family of rodents that include kangaroo rats, kangaroo mice and rock pocket mice is the Heteromyidae family.
Both species of kangaroo mouse live in sandy desert ecosystems.
"Perognathus" is a genus of pocket mouse.
"Chaetodipus" is a genus of pocket mouse.
Zarbon  is a character in "Dragonball Z".
Dodoria  is a character in "Dragonball Z".
Frieza  is a fictional character in "Dragon Ball Z".
A myrmecophile is an animal that lives with ants.
An argemone or prickly poppy is a plant used for decoration.
Grist is grain that has been separated from its chaff and is ready for grinding.
Banjul  is the capital city of The Gambia.
Medieval Latin was the form of Latin used in the Middle Ages.
Armen Grigoryan (rus.
Krematorij  is a Russian rock band.
Kristopher Hugh Martin Schau  is a Norwegian musician, TV host, comedian and song writer.
Ole Petter Andreassen  is an Norwegian musician and producer.
The ICE , is a category of high speed trains, which are operated by the Deutsche Bahn  since 1991.
Honeydew is a liquid sugar that aphids and some scale insects make when they eat plant sap.
The term "Ecclesiastical Latin"  means the Latin language that is used in documents of the Roman Catholic Church and in its Latin liturgies.
Mate  is a drink.
Bears are a group of large mammals.
Yerba mate*, "Ilex paraguariensis", is a species of holly  native to subtropical South America.
Guarana or Guaraná , "Paullinia cupana" (syn.
Engrish is a word that is used to talk about types of the English language with grammar mistakes in them.
In the religion of Hinduism, the animal called a "cow" is thought to be sacred, or very holy.
In Hinduism, a murti  usually means an image in which the Divine Spirit is expressed .
Most computers contain some form of Memory.
The Bolshoi Theatre  is a theatre and opera company in Moscow, Russia, which gives performances of ballet and opera.
A Guild is an association of craftspeople.
Delara Darabi   is a Iranian girl, who was sentenced to death at age of 17 and is facing execution by public hanging.
Freestyle football is a one man sport in which you kick a football.
Croydon is a place in south London, England and is part of the London Borough of Croydon.
Addington is a village in the London Borough of Croydon in south London.
The modern Flag of The Republic of India has three colours and are placed horizontally.
The coat of arms of a country is a symbol that the country uses for itself.
The Spanish Wikipedia  is a Spanish-language edition of Wikipedia.
Crystal Palace is a place and former site of a landmark in London, England.
Al-`Askarī or the `Askariyya Mosque/Shrine  is a Shī`a Muslim holy site.
Hathor was an Egyptian goddess.
Santorini is a Greek island.
Sāmarrā  is a town in Iraq.
The Holy See  is the office of the Bishop of Rome — the Pope.
The Tigris is a river in the Middle East.
Tawaret was a goddess in ancient Egyptian mythology.
Seshat was the ancient Egyptian idea of knowledge, shown as a goddess.
Apep  in Egyptian mythology was an evil demon.
Ville Valo  is a Finnish singer and songwriter.
Prefix notation is a mathematical notation.
Nephthys was an ancient Egyptian goddess and often considered "the Mistress of the House".
Anuket was the first ancient Egyptian goddess of the Nile river in areas like Elephantine Island, at the start of the Nile's journey through Egypt, and in nearby parts of Nubia.
The Proto-Indo-European language  is the hypothetical common language that was spoken before the Indo-European languages developed.
Ptah was the ancient Egyptian god of craftsmen and architects.
Kurt Josef Waldheim  was an Austrian diplomat and conservative politician.
A mop is a tool used for cleaning.
Pan was the ancient Greek god of pastures.
A hypothesis is something that can explain a event.
Observation is an activity of an intelligent living being (e.g.
East Sutton is a parish  about 6 miles South East of Maidstone in Kent, England.
A city hall or town hall is the headquarters of a city or town's administration and usually houses the city or town council, its associated departments and their employees.
A spectrometer is an optical instrument used to measure properties of light over a specific portion of the electromagnetic spectrum.
The Province of Carolina was a British colony in North America from 1663 to 1729.
Adenosine diphosphate  is the chemical that plants make ATP from, during photosynthesis.
Tefnut was the ancient Egyptian goddess of water and fertility.
Sobek was the ancient Egyptian god of the Nile.
"Lucky Town" is a music album by Bruce Springsteen.
Juli is a German rock/pop band from Gießen, Hesse.
A member is a person who belongs to a group of people.
Dar es Salaam  is the largest city in Tanzania.
The U.S.
Gaborone is the capital city of Botswana.
Libreville is the capital city of Gabon.
The Brahmaputra is one of the main rivers in Asia.
Lilongwe is the capital city of African country of Malawi.
In Egyptian mythology, Shu was the god of the air.
Malabo is the capital city of Equatorial Guinea.
Multimedia (Lat.
A shield volcano is a large volcano with shallowly-sloping sides.
A caldera is a volcanic feature formed by the collapse of land following a volcanic eruption.
Addiscombe is a town in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
South Norwood is a town in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
A software bug is a problem with the code in a computer program which makes it not work properly.
Telephone tapping or wire tapping/wiretapping is when somebody listens to another person's telephone calls.
The Western Bug and the Southern Bug are rivers which flow through Poland and Ukraine.
Sara Paxton  is an American actress and singer.
Lipstick is a type of cosmetic used on the lips, to either gloss them or color them.
Lip gloss is a type of cosmetic used to gloss the lips.
Mbabane is the capital city of the African country of Swaziland.
Pentecostalism is a movement within Evangelical Christianity that places special emphasis on the direct personal experience of God through the baptism of the Holy Spirit , as shown in the Biblical account of the Day of Pentecost.
Pentecost  is an important feast in the Christian liturgical year, celebrated the fiftieth day after Easter Sunday , Historically and symbolically related to the Jewish harvest festival of Shavuot, it commemorates the descent of the Holy Spirit upon the Apostles and other followers of Jesus as described in the Acts of the Apostles, Chapter 2.
Niamey is the capital city of the African country of Niger.
In compliance with these phonemic principles, Basic Roman explicates the vowel alternations in stressed syllables originating in the Great Vowel Shift of Early Modern English, offering a wider international perspective that transcends Chomsky’s defense of traditional English orthography.
In Egyptian mythology, Wadjet was the goddess of childbirth and children.
Buto or Butos or Butosos, was the later, Greek name for an ancient Egyptian city 95 km east of Alexandria in the Nile Delta of Egypt.
The Roman Phonetic Alphabet for English is a system based on the Extended Basic Roman spelling of English, augmented with two pairs of stress marks in order to disambiguate words that share the same spelling but have different meanings, and ensure a one-to-one phoneme-grapheme correspondence.
A scribe is an ancient occupation.
Ascension means - following Christian doctrine - that Jesus bodily ascended to heaven in the presence of his apostles, forty days following his resurrection.
Need for Speed is a series of computer video games.
Jeanne Louise Calment  was a French supercentenarian who, at age 122 years 164 days, was the verified oldest person ever.
François Truffaut  was a French movie director, very popular in the 1960s for such noted movies as The 400 Blows, Jules and Jim, The Wild Child and others.
Leif Ericson(c.
Sir Thomas More or Saint Thomas More , was an English writer, lawyer, and statesman.
Juan Domingo Perón  was an Argentine general and politician.
Kashrut  is the name Jews give to the laws about the kind of food that they may eat.
Cartagena , also known as Cartagena de Indias , is a large city seaport on the northern coast of Colombia.It is the capital of the Bolívar Department.
Greta Garbo  was a Swedish actress.
Anita Ekberg  is a Swedish actress.
World Championship Wrestling  was a professional wrestling company that went out of business in 2001 when it was purchased by what was then the World Wrestling Federation  ) and it's owner Vince McMahon.
"The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air" was a popular American television series.
The Nation of Domination  was a professional wrestling stable  in the World Wrestling Federation .
The Potomac River is a river in the eastern United States.
Greenbrier County is a county in West Virginia, a state in the United States.
Emperor Go-Sanjō  was the 71st emperor of Japan.
Emperor Jimmu  was a legendary figure in the history of Japan.
A posthumous name is an honorary name given to someone after their death.
"You Can't Do That on Television"  is a Canadian children's television program.
Medellín  id the capital city in the Metropolitan Area of Medellín of the Antioquia Department, Colombia.
Nouakchott  is the capital city of the n county of Mauritania.
Nicholas of Myra, also known as Nicholas of Bari, is the common name of the Bishop of Myra.
HBO  is an American cable television network.
"The Electric Company" was an educational American children's television series.
A model is a person who has the job of posing, or displaying works of art or fashion , usually for promotion of the product.
Jacques Rougeau  is a French-Canadian professional wrestler.
Ezzard Mack Charles  was an African-American professional boxer.
The Religion of ancient Egypt had followers for over three thousand years, until the Egyptian people turned to Coptic Christianity.
}Kyle Broflovski is a character in the animated television series "South Park".
}Eric Theodore Cartman is a character in the animated television series "South Park".
"...And Justice For All" is Metallica's fourth album and was released on August 25, 1988.
Panzerdivision is a death metal band from Oslo, Norway.
The Armenian Apostolic Church , also called the Armenian Orthodox Church or the Gregorian Church, is the world's oldest national church and one of the most ancient Christian communities.
The term national church is usually a reference to a church organization in Christianity that claims pastoral jurisdiction over a nation.
This is a list of Armenian football  clubs.
FC Zvartnots is an Armenian football club from Yerevan.
The Armenian Premier League is the top football competition in Armenia.
The Football Federation of Armenia  is the governing body of football in Armenia.
Ferit Orhan Pamuk  a famous Nobel Prize-winning Turkish author.
Urartu  was an ancient kingdom of Armenia located in the mountainous plateau between Asia Minor, Mesopotamia, and Caucasus mountains, later known as the Armenian Highland, and it centered around Lake Van .
Lake Van (Turkish: Van Gölü;; is the largest lake in Turkey, in the far east of the country.
The Kurdish language is a language mostly spoken in a region called Kurdistan, including Kurdish populations in parts of Iran, Iraq, Syria and Turkey.
Italian Cuisine is traditional Italian food.
In Botany, an annual plant is a plant that usually germinates, flowers and dies in one year.
A pea, although treated as a vegetable in cooking, is botanically a fruit; the term is most commonly used to describe the small spherical seeds or the pods of the legume "Pisum sativum".
A biennial plant is a flowering plant that takes two years to complete its lifecycle.
The Warner Bros.
Port Louis is the capital city of the n country of Mauritius.
Freetown is the capital city of the African country of Sierra Leone.
Michelle Obama  is Vice President for Community and External Affairs for the University of Chicago Hospitals.
"Fame – The Musical"  is a musical which was created and developed by David De Silva.
The is a position given to a person who is chosen by the Emperor of Japan and is the head of the Cabinet.
Emperor Suizei was the second emperor of Japan.
Emperor Annei was the third emperor of Japan.
Emperor Itoku was the fourth emperor of Japan.
The Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria is the name for the main church in Egypt.
Pretoria is one of the three capital cities of the African country of South Africa.
Reza Alinejad , born September 21, 1985, is an Iranian at risk of execution for accidentally killing a man in self-defense when he was 17 years old.
A bigot is a person who is intolerant of opinions, lifestyles, or identities that differ from his or her own.
Bukkake is when multiple people ejaculate with their penises on a person's face or body at the same time.
Melleruds IF is a Swedish football club.
Lisa Lampanelli  is an American comedian.
The Detroit Tigers are a Major League Baseball team in Detroit, Michigan.
An oscilloscope  is a piece of electronic test equipment that allows signal voltages to be viewed.
Girl Scout cookies are cookies that the Girl Scouts sell.
Nancy Drew is a fictional character.
Arthur Abraham  is a professional boxer and the current IBF middleweight champion.
The International Boxing Federation, or "IBF", is one of many organizations which sanction world championship boxing bouts, alongside the WBA, WBC, WBO, and a dozen or so others.
Vic Darchinyan  is the former IBF flyweight champion.
Atenism was one of the earliest monotheistic religions.
The early religions in Armenia are not that well known.
Steak  is a slice off a larger piece of meat, usually beef.
A jet engine is any engine that creates force by releasing a high speed jet of a liquid or a gas.
Dawn Fraser AO, MBE  is an Australian champion swimmer.
NBC News is the news division of American television network NBC.
CBS News is the news division of American television network CBS.
The Masters Tournament is one of four major championships in men's professional golf and the first of the four to be played each year.
The NFL Europa is an European American football league.
When typing on the Internet or text messaging, some users will write in slang or shorthand.
The Ennead was the grouping of nine deities, most often appearing in Egyptian mythology.
Heliopolis was one of the oldest cities of Egypt.
Akhenaten  was a pharaoh of the Eighteenth dynasty of Egypt.
"Bartonella rochalimae" is a recently discovered strain of Gram-negative bacteria.
A tipi  is a kind of tent.
Karen Carpenter  was an American singer and drummer who was most popular in the 70s.
Luke the Evangelist is said to be the man who wrote the Gospel of Luke and Acts of the Apostles in the New Testament of the Christian Bible.
Walid Eido   was a Lebanese man who worked for the Lebanese Parliament, a government building in Beirut.
Toyama Prefecture  is in the Chūbu, meaning centre part, region on Honshū island, Japan.
Haredi is one of the Jewish denominations and it is sometimes referred to as 'Ultra-Orthodox', because it is very strict on all of the torah's commandments.
Fouad Siniora  is the Prime Minister of Lebanon.
Hassan Nasrallah   is the leader of the Islamist party in Lebanon called Hezbollah.
Sidon, or Saida , is the third biggest city in Lebanon.
A chisel is a tool often used with a hammer to shape surfaces.
Oak Park, Illinois is a suburb of Chicago.
Ringgold Wilmer Lardner  was an American sports columnist and short story writer best known for his satirical takes on the sports world, marriage, and the theatre.
Björk Guðmundsdóttir  was born on November 21, 1965 in Reykjavík, Iceland.
This page indexes the individual years pages.
These pages contain the trends of millennia and centuries.
A volumetric flask  is a type of laboratory glassware.
A Florence flask  is a type of flask.
The Motion Picture Association of America , originally called the Motion Picture Producers and Distributors Association of America, is a non-profit group based in the United States.
Long Beach is a city located in southern Los Angeles County, California, USA, on the Pacific coast.
São Carlos is a Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo.
51st state, is a humorous term in American politics that refers to  a land, which is not a part of USA, but is thought to be added to the United States, becoming the 51st state.
Mogadishu  is the capital city of the African country of Somalia.
J.
The Philippine Revolution  was an armed conflict between the Spanish colonial regime and the Katipunan.
Victoria  is the capital city of the Republic of Seychelles.
Roe is the ripe eggs of fish and certain marine animals, for example sea urchins, shrimp and scallop.
The television licence  is a small tax that people pay to watch television.
Nicosia, also known as Lefkosia  is the capital city of the island country of Cyprus.
Gob are a Canadian punk band from Burnaby, British Columbia.
Auckland Grammar School is a public school in Auckland New Zealand.
Virginia Beach is an American city in the Commonwealth of Virginia.
Rose Tattoo is a hard rock band from Sydney, Australia.
Patriots' Day  is a legal holiday in Massachusetts.
Woodside is a town in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
Sofia is the capital and the largest city of Republic of Bulgaria.
A burette is a vertical tube-like instrument, used to measure and separate known amounts of liquids in laboratories.
The Maghen Abraham Synagogue  is the oldest synagogue in Lebanon.
Georg Franz Danzer  was an Austrian musician.
"Bentheuphausia amblyops" is a species of krill.
Grosse Ile Township is a town in Wayne County in the U.S.
The Malacostraca  are the largest subgroup of crustaceans.
The decapods or Decapoda are an order of crustaceans within the class Malacostraca.
Rafik Baha ad-Din Hariri ,  was a billionaire and a businessman.
Antennae  are paired appendages connected to the front segments of arthropods.
Josef "Sepp" Dietrich  was a German Waffen-SS officer, and one of the closest men to Adolf Hitler.
Freeview is free television service in the New Zealand, It is sent to people's home using a digital signal by either over the air or by satellite.
A Burqa is a piece of clothing.
The Motion Picture Association of America film rating system is a system used by the MPAA.
"The Satanic Verses" is a novel by Salman Rushdie.
Satanic verses is a name given to a number of verses of the Qur'an.
National Democrats  is a minor political party in Sweden.
Broad Green is a small area with a lot of houses at the centre of West Croydon in the London Borough of Croydon, England.
West Croydon is a small town on the edge of Central Croydon inside the London Borough of Croydon.
Kanji is one of the three forms of Japanese writing.
Chris Moyles is the presenter of a breakfast radio show on BBC Radio 1.
A libretto is the text  which are set to music to make an opera.
The words Hmong and Mong refer to an Asian ethnic group.
Toplessness  is usually applied to women, who do not wear any clothing above the waist.
Westminster Cathedral in London, England, is a Roman Catholic cathedral.
Cachoeira do Sul is a Brazilian city of the state of Rio Grande do Sul.
In probability theory and statistics, the median is a number.
In statistics, the Mode is a number.
S.S.C.
At War With Satan is the third album by English black metal band Venom.
In Christian beliefs, the Antichrist or Anti-christ  is a person or an image of a person that is the implies evil.
A baker is somebody who makes mainly bread.
A statistical hypothesis test is a statistical method used to answer a question based on some data.
Luxembourg City is the capital city of Luxembourg.
TV Tokyo is a television station in Tokyo, Japan.
A drawer is a piece of furniture for storage.
A chest of drawers  is a piece of furniture.
A puzzle is a problem to make the user think.
Srinivasa Ramanujan Iyengar  was an Indian mathematician.
The On-Line Encyclopedia of Integer Sequences , also known as Sloane's, is an large searchable database.
In mathematics, a Ramanujan prime is a prime number that satisfies a result proven by Srinivasa Ramanujan.
In mathematics, the prime counting function is the function counting the number of prime numbers less than or equal to some real number "x".
Bertrand's postulate states that if "n" > 3 is an integer, then there always exists at least one prime number "p" with "n" < "p" < 2"n" − 2.
Paul Erdős, also Pál Erdős, in English Paul Erdos or Paul Erdös , was a famous Hungarian-born mathematician.
The Erdős number  honors the Hungarian mathematician Paul Erdős.
John Randall Hennigan , better known as John Morrison, is an American professional wrestler.
Candice Michelle Beckman-Ehrlich  is an American professional wrestler, actress, and model.
The Star of David  is a Jewish symbol.
Takao is a city in Tokyo.
The Belz Beis HaMedrash HaGadol  is the largest synagogue in Jerusalem.
Samson was a British heavy metal band between 1977 and 2002.
Thornton Heath is a town located in the London Borough of Croydon, south London.
Stamford Bridge is the home of Premiership club Chelsea F.C..
A Freegan is a person who does not like to pay for things, but does not steal either.
The British Board of Film Classification is the organisation responsible for movie and some video game classification in the United Kingdom.
Electrology is an electrical process to remove human hair so that it does not grow back.
Each country has its own film rating system to help parents determine which movies their children can watch.
Eve Ensler  is a Jewish-American playwright and feminist activist.
Roger Pearson  is a British anthropologist.
Colorado Springs is a city in Colorado, United States.
Janice G.
Energy efficiency, sometimes called efficient energy use, is using less energy to provide the same level of energy service.
Tulsa, Oklahoma is the second largest city in Oklahoma, United States with a population of 387,807 people.
Anchorage, Alaska is the largest city in Alaska, United States.
Boundary Peak is a mountain, , in the southwestern U.S.
Skopje is the largest city in the European country Republic of Macedonia.
The Norwegian Dawn is a cruise ship that began sailing in 2002 and is currently in operation with Norwegian Cruise Line.
Lea Weingarten Fastow  is the wife of former Enron executive and felon Andrew Fastow, and is the second former Enron executive to go to prison after Enron collapsed due to fraud in December 2001.
Lawrence M.
The endorsement test was proposed by Sandra Day O'Connor, a member of the United States Supreme Court.
Terry Rakolta  is an American homemaker and activist who led an unsuccessful boycott against the Fox Broadcasting Company sitcom "Married...
The Snake River is a river in the Canadian province of British Columbia and the U.S.
Mount Hood is a mountain in the U.S.
Crater Lake is a caldera lake in the U.S.
Driftwood is wood that has been washed onto the shore of a sea, river, or lake by winds, tides, waves or man.
This is a list of the cities in the United States that have the largest populations.
"What Not to Wear" is a makeover reality show that is aired on the BBC.
A public figure is a legal term applied in the context of defamation actions  as well as invasion of privacy.
Elms are deciduous and semi-deciduous trees, found throughout the Northern Hemisphere from Siberia to Indonesia, Mexico to Japan.
Just like the other 49 American states, Massachusetts has its own governor.
Produce means fruits and vegetables.
Highway is a word used to describe roads made for travel by the public between important places, such as cities, towns and landmarks.
Beverly Cleary  is the author of over 30 books for young adults and children.
London, Ontario is a large city exactly halfway between Detroit, Michigan and Toronto, Ontario.
Amy Jade Winehouse  is an English soul and R&B singer and songwriter.
"Canuck" is a slang term for Canadian people.
Charles Kirk Clarke (c.
"The Internationale"  is a highly well known French socialist, communist, and anarchist song.
Hartley is a village in Kent, England.
Stephanie Marie McMahon-Levesque , better known as Stephanie McMahon, is the "Executive Vice President of Talent and Creative Writing" for World Wrestling Entertainment .
"This article is about the city of Cienfuegos in Cuba.
A gribble is any of about 56 species of marine isopod from the family Limnoriidae.
Veronica is a Latin name for females.
Tuatara are reptiles.
Dinosaur Jr is an American rock band.
Band Aid was a British and Irish charity supergroup.
Hüsker Dü was an American hardcore punk and later alternative rock band from the 1980s.
The Deir el Qamar Synagogue is a synagogue in Deir el Qamar, Lebanon; it is the oldest synagogue in Mount Lebanon.
Interstate 75  is an interstate highway in the midwest and southeastern United States that runs north and south.
"Kumho Tire Co.
Deodorant is anything that takes away an odor, or bad smell.
Common.
Josh Holloway  is an American actor most known for his role as James "Sawyer" Ford on ABC's Emmy award-winning show "Lost".
Levon Mkrtchyan,  is an Armenian movie director known for his documentaries "The Muses", "Paruyr Sevag", "Hovhannes Shiraz", "Mashtoc", "My Komitas", "And There Was Light", "A Transcript for Independence", and many more.
Manuel Fraga Iribarne  was a Spanish and Galician politician.
Galicia or Galiza is a nationality in Spain that became a Spanish autonomous community in 1978.
Bilirubin is a product that comes from the breakdown of hemoglobin.
Nelly Furtado  is a Canadian singer.
Anna Jurkiewicz  is a Polish figure skater.
Exmoor is a national park in England.
Barnstaple is a town in Devon, a county in England.
Bideford is a town in Devon, a county in England.
Tiverton is a town in Devon, a county of England.
Torbay is a Unitary authority in England.
"Beyond" is the most recent album by the American alternative rock band Dinosaur Jr.
Willard Mitt Romney  is the former Governor of Massachusetts.
Laboratory glassware refers to different instruments which are usually made of glass, and used for scientific experiments in chemistry and biology laboratories.
"Volta" is a 2007 album by Björk.
Mulatto  is a word referring to a person who is born to one Black parent  and one Caucasian parent.
Water polo is a sport played in the water with a ball.
Fishsticks or fish fingers are a type of food probably invented in the United Kingdom.
Cornell Haynes Jr  is an American rapper.
A boy band is a type of musical group with three or more young male singers.
In music, a solo is a song or a section of a song that is performed by one person.
Clifford Joseph Harris Jr.
Antarctic krill  is a species of krill that lives in the Antarctic waters of the Southern Ocean.
The cubic metre  is the SI unit of volume.
The Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations  is a specialized agency of the United Nations that leads international efforts to defeat hunger.
Colorimeter is a device used for colorimetry.
Valletta is the capital city of Malta.
The Basketball Bundesliga  is the highest level of basketball competition in Germany.
Butterfield, Missouri is a village in Missouri, United States.
Andorra la Vella is the capital city of the principality of Andorra.
Biologically, a woodland is an area with trees that is not a forest.
Limburg is the southern most province of Netherlands.
Mount Cayley, located 11 km southeast of Callaghan Lake and 24 west of Whistler, British Columbia, Canada.
Provinces.
Limburg is a province of Belgium.
Limburg  is a medieval city in the Belgian province of Liège.
Limburg an der Lahn  is a German town and the capital of the "Kreis" Limburg-Weilburg in the west of Hesse.
An illusion is a distortion of how things seem to be.
Charcoal is a carbon-containing substance made from wood, naturally black and powdery.
Brose Baskets Bamberg  is a basketball club in Bamberg, Germany.
The Armenian Revolutionary Federation   is an Armenian political party founded in Tiflis  in 1890 by Christapor Mikaelian, Stepan Zorian, and Simon Zavarian.
Christapor Mikaelian  also known by his "noms de guerre" Hellen , Topal , and Edward ,  was one of the three founders of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation along Stepan Zorian and Simon Zavarian, also part of Armenian national liberation movement.
Varasdates or Varazdat  was an Armenian prince who succeeded his uncle King Papes as King of Armenia in 374.
The Adana massacre happened in Adana Province, in the Ottoman Empire, in April 1909.
Adana   is the capital of Adana Province in Turkey.
In October of 1937, Dominican dictator Rafael Leonidas Trujillo Molina ordered the execution of the Haitian population living within the borderlands with Haiti.
The Internationale .
A heat pump is a machine that moves heat from one place to another.
The second law of thermodynamics means that entropy increases.
An air conditioner is a system, or machine that extracts heat from an area using a refrigeration cycle.
A branch is a part of a tree.
The first law of thermodynamics says that heat transfer is a form of energy transfer and that energy does not vanish .
In physics, the conservation of energy means that the total amount of energy in an isolated system remains constant, although it may change forms, e.g.
The Lepidoptera are often split into the two groups, butterflies and moths.
Biologists have introduced a taxonomy.
The order Lepidoptera is the second biggest order in the class Insecta.
Animals that are active during the day are called diurnal.
The Skippers are a group of insects in the order Lepidoptera, classified in the superfamily Hesperioidea, which includes only one family, the Hesperiidae.
Energy conservation means to reduce the quantity of energy that is used for different purposes.
Cogeneration  is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat.
Quakenbrück is a small town in Lower Saxony.
The dew point is the temperature where water vapour condenses into liquid water.
Podgorica is the capital of Montenegro.
The Región Autónoma del Atlántico Sur is an autonomous region of Nicaragua.
Región Autónoma del Atlántico Norte is an autonomous region of Nicaragua.
A gas compressor is a mechanical device that increases the pressure of a gas by reducing its volume.
Cash is a form of liquid currency, such as banknotes or coins.
Hemer is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
A heat engine is a physical or theoretical device that converts thermal energy to mechanical output.
A thermodynamic cycle is a series of thermodynamic processes which returns a system to its initial state.
Christoph Metzelder  is a German footballer.
In thermodynamics, a thermodynamic system, originally called a "working substance", is defined as that part of the universe that is under consideration.
In general, a piston is a lubricated sliding shaft that fits tightly inside the opening of a cylinder.
Pinyin is a type of transliteration for the Chinese language, a tonal language, where accents are used to show tones.
Horror is another word for scary.
Susianna "Susi" Kentikian  is a woman boxer from Germany.
A banknote  is a paper by which a bank promises to pay to the bearer on demand.
A common cold is a viral infectious disease.
The Qajar dynasty , - or دودمان قاجار - "Qâjâr") was a ruling Turkic dynasty of Iran from 1781 to 1925.
Zenwalk , or Zenwalk Linux, is a Linux distribution started by Jean-Philippe Guillemin.
In thermal physics, thermal energy is the type of energy that has a system that increases with its temperature.
In thermal physics, heat transfer is the passage of thermal energy from a hot to a cold body.
In thermodynamics, a thermodynamic system is said to be in thermodynamic equilibrium when it is in thermal equilibrium, mechanical equilibrium, and chemical equilibrium.
where "T" = temperature, "S" = entropy, "p" = pressure, "V" = volume.
The thermal efficiency  is a dimensionless performance measure of a thermal device such as an internal combustion engine, a boiler, or a furnace, for example.
In physics, mechanical work is the amount of energy transferred by a force.
A thermodynamic state is the macroscopic condition of a thermodynamic system as described by its particular thermodynamic parameters.
Thermal physics is the combined study of thermodynamics, statistical mechanics, and kinetic theory.
Statistical mechanics is the application of probability theory, which includes mathematical tools for dealing with large populations, to the field of mechanics, which is concerned with the motion of particles or objects when subjected to a force.
Kinetic theory or "kinetic theory of gases" attempts to explain macroscopic properties of gases, such as pressure, temperature, or volume, by considering their molecular composition and motion.
Frik was an Armenian poet who lived in the 13th and 14th centuries, at the time of Mongolian control over Armenia.
Yeghishe Charents   was an Armenian poet killed in Stalin's purges.
Kars  is a city in northeast Turkey and is the capital of the Kars Province, before at the head of a sanjak in the Turkish vilayet of Erzurum.
Kars is a province  of Turkey, located in the northeastern part of the country.
Manvel Gamburyan  is a mixed martial artist with a history in judo.
The Mickey Mouse Club was an American variety television series that begun in 1955 and ended in 1996.
Fanta is a yellow lemonade.
In some non-technical contexts or in jargon, "parameter" may simply be a synonym for criterion.
Agavaceae is a family of plants.
Succulent plants are plants that have adapted to very dry climates.
The term "Oriental Orthodoxy" means the group of Eastern Christian Churches that accept only the first three ecumenical councils — the First Council of Nicaea, the First Council of Constantinople and the Council of Ephesus — and do not accept the dogmatic definitions of the Council of Chalcedon.
Lu Xun  was a general in Eastern Wu during the Three Kingdoms period in ancient China.
The planet Jupiter has 63 moons.
This is a list of the planet Saturn's 60 moons.
The Vande Mataram is the national song of India.
This is a list of Uranus's 27 moons.
Neptune has a total of 13 moons.
The king is a chess piece in the game of chess.
In thermodynamics, work is the quantity of energy transferred from one system to another without an accompanying transfer of entropy.
In thermodynamics, the internal energy of a thermodynamic system, or a body with well-defined boundaries, denoted by "U", or sometimes "E", is the total of the kinetic energy due to the motion of molecules  and the potential energy associated with the vibrational and electric energy of atoms within molecules or crystals.
A physical law, scientific law, or a law of nature is a scientific generalization based on empirical observations of physical behavior.
Pipe is a tube or hollow cylinder for the transport of fluid.
Cameron Michelle Diaz  is an American actress and former fashion model.
The Bacon number of an actor or actress is the number of degrees of separation  they have from actor Kevin Bacon, as defined by the game known as Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon.
Zanzibar is the name for an archipelago in the Indian Ocean 25–50 km off the coast of East Africa, of numerous small islands and two large ones: Unguja , and Pemba Island.
Enya  is an Irish singer.
10 Downing Street is the address of the London residence and office of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.
Armenian illuminated manuscripts make a different tradition, related to other forms of Medieval Armenian art, but also to the Byzantine tradition.
Alcatraz Island .
An illuminated manuscript is a manuscript where text is supplemented by the addition of decoration, like decorated initials, borders and miniature illustrations.
A manuscript is any document that is written by hand, as not to being printed or made in some other way.
Mesrop Mashtots' Matenadaran Institute of Ancient Manuscripts in Yerevan, Armenia, is one of the richest depositories of manuscripts and books in the world.
The Blue Mosque  is a mosque in Yerevan, Armenia.
Pueblo are a group of Native Americans that live in the southwestern part of the United States.
San Marino is the capital of the tiny nation of San Marino.
Fort Worth is the fifth largest city in Texas and the 18th largest in the United States of America.
Akdamar Island  is a small island in Lake Van in Eastern Anatolia region of Turkey.
The Gandzasar monastery  is an Armenian monastery in Nagorno-Karabakh, in the Mardakert region, near the village of Vank.
Deportation, means the removal of someone from a country.
Vahe was a legendary king of Armenia .
Rhadamistus  was an Iberian prince who reigned in Armenia from 51 to 53 and 54 to 55 CE.
In project architecture and civil engineering, construction is the building or assembly of any infrastructure on a site or sites.
Infrastructure is generally a set of structural elements that provide the framework supporting an entire structure.
A ceremony is a activity preformed at a special time.
Kerkor "Kirk" Kerkorian  is an Armenian-American billionaire, and president/CEO of Tracinda Corporation, his private holding company based in Beverly Hills, California.
Phylogenetics this is the study of how different organisms evolved.
A chemical property is a property, quality or way that an object is.
A bass drum is a type of musical instrument called a drum.
A drum kit  is a collection of drums, cymbals, and other percussion instruments that is used by a drummer in a musical group.
A drum stick or drumstick is a wooden stick that is used to strike percussion instruments to make sound.
A Khachkar or Khatchkar  is a carved memorial stone found in Armenia.
Back Dorm Boys  are two Chinese boys have made a spoof music video of Backstreet Boys' song "As Long As You Love Me".
Natto is a traditional food in Japan.
is a neighborhood in the city of Musashino in Tokyo, Japan.
Udon is a type of thick wheat-based noodle popular in Japanese cuisine.
Hachioji is a city southwest of Tokyo, Japan.
Nerima is one of the 23 zones of Tokyo.
Suginami is a ward in Tokyo, Japan, which has an area of 34.02km² with 534,673 people living in Suginami.
Higashi-Nagasaki Station is the railway station of the Seibu-Ikebukuro line in Toshima Ward, Tokyo, Japan.
Sagamihara  is a city in Japan.
Aomori is a city in Japan.
Land Registry or Her Majesty's Land Registry is a government office which started in 1862.
The Yamuna is a major river in North India.
Ahmedabad is a big city in West India.
Dachau is a city in the south of Germany, about north-west of Munich.
A chordophone is any musical instrument which produces sound commonly by vibrating a string or strings stretched between two points.
Will Ferrell  is an American actor and comedian.
Tritium is an isotope of hydrogen, the lightest element.
Wood fibres are usually cellulosic that are removed from trees, straw, bamboo, cotton seed, hemp, sugar cane and other sources.
Christian theology is reasoned commentary concerning Christian faith.
Professional wrestling  is a kind of sport.
The 2nd century BC started the first day of 200 BC and ended the last day of 101 BC.
Monaco-Ville is the original fortified town of Monaco.
A defensive wall is a fortification used to defend a city or settlement from potential aggressors.
Hıdırlık Tower is a landmark tower of tawny stone in Antalya, Turkey, where Kaleiçi meets Karaalioglu Park.
Albuquerque  is the largest city in the state of New Mexico, United States.
Mesa is a city in Maricopa County, Arizona and part of the Phoenix-Mesa-Scottsdale Metropolitan Area.
Tucson is the seat of Pima county, United States, located 118 miles  southeast of Phoenix and 60 miles  north of the Mexican border.
Arlington is a city in Tarrant County, Texas, United States.
Tarrant County is a county located in the U.S.
Spectrophotometry is the quantitative study of electromagnetic spectra.
The Russian Orthodox Church of the Moscow Patriarchate are Christians who are united under the Patriarch of Moscow, who in turn is in communion with the other patriarchs and primates of the Eastern Orthodox Church.
"Form" (Lat.
Martiros Saryan  was a Russian-born Armenian painter.
The Library of Congress is the "de facto" national library of the United States and the research arm of the United States Congress.
Forest, Ontario is a town in Lambton County, Ontario, Canada.
Soul music is a kind of music that mixes rhythm and blues and gospel music.
Garni  is a village in the Armenian province of Kotayk', situated approx.
Iranian women  are women of or from traditional Persian or modern Iranian culture.
Irredentism is many positions of annexation of land by another state on grounds of common ethnicity and/or the historical possession, actual or alleged.
Greater Armenia or United Armenia is an Armenian irredentist political goal aimed at uniting all territories perceived as "historically or ethnically Armenian" to the Republic of Armenia.
A fume hood or fume cupboard is a large piece of scientific equipment common to chemistry laboratories designed to limit a person's exposure to hazardous fumes.
Father Ghevont Alishan   was an ordained Armenian Catholic priest, historian and a poet.
The Armenian Catholic Church is an Eastern Catholic church "sui juris" within the Catholic Church.
Armin T.
Assyrians are an ethnic group whose origins remain in what is today Iraq, Iran, Turkey and Syria, but who have gone to the Caucasus, North America and Western Europe during the past century.
The Heisenberg uncertainty principle means that it is impossible to have a particle that has an arbitrarily well-defined position and momentum at the same time.
In the Middle Bronze Age Assyria was a region on the Upper Tigris river, named for its original capital, the ancient city of Assur.
One type of forum, is an online community on the internet that users participate in  of recreation).
Yuri Vladimirovich Andropov  was a Soviet politician and General Secretary of the CPSU from November 12, 1982 until his death just fifteen months later.
Van  is a city in eastern Turkey and the seat of Van Province, and is on the eastern shore of Lake Van.
Van is a province in eastern Turkey, between Lake Van and the Iranian border.
The Armenian-Tatar massacres is when both people committed massacres on each other.
Urartian is the name for the language spoken by the people of the ancient kingdom of Urartu in Northeast Anatolia , in the region of Lake Van.
Yamaha is a Japanese company that makes different products, including musical instruments such as keyboards.
Grease is a 1978 musical movie based on high-schoolers Rizzo, Kenickie, Danny, Frenchy and Sandy and high school relationships.
The Eastern Standard Time Zone  is the time zone for the eastern part of the Americas including the United States, Canada and parts of South America and the Caribbean.
Moises Arias (b.
The Armenian Legion or Armenische Legion was the name given to the 812th Armenian Battalion which was a foreign unit comprised of several thousand men.
Garegin Njdeh  was an Armenian statesman, military, and political thinker.
Wehrmacht was the name of the unified armed forces of Nazi Germany from 1935 to 1945.
General Drastamat Kanayan  was an Armenian politician, revolutionary, and general.
Jack White  is an American singer, guitarist, composer and actor.
Meg White was born on December 10, 1974 in Grosse Pointe Farms, Michigan.
The Adriatic Sea is a body of water and is a part of the Mediterranean Sea.
Mainland Australia has three official time zones.
Human sacrifice is the act of killing a human being as an offering to a deity or other, normally supernatural, power.
Tomomi Kahala, sometimes spelled Kahara  is a Japanese female singer.
The observer effect, or observer bias, means several things in different situations, although there are similarities.
Canton, Michigan is a township in Wayne County in the U.S.
Probability theory is the branch of mathematics concerned with analysis of random phenomena.
"The Raven" is a narrative poem by American writer Edgar Allan Poe, first published in January 1845.
The Maya civilization is a Mesoamerican civilization.
Looking at the history of pre-Columbian Mesoamerica one can see some rather different periods between the first humans and the early Colonial period  in the end.
Beck Hansen   is an American singer, musician, and multi-instrumentalist.
The Prime Meridian is the meridian  that goes through the Royal Greenwich Observatory in London it is also known as the International Meridian or Greenwich Meridian.
Retirement is when people stop working.
Trdat the Architect (c.
Byzantium  was an ancient Greek city.
The national coat of arms of Armenia consists of an eagle and a lion supporting a shield.
The Arsacid Dynasty  ruled the Kingdom of Armenia from 54 to 428.
Hakob Kojoyan  was an Armenian artist.
Alexander Tamanian  was an Armenian neoclassical architect, who is remembered today for his work in the city of Yerevan.
"This article is about the city in Turkey.
The Armenian SSR  or Soviet Socialist Republic of Armenia came into being when the Communist Party of Armenia proclaimed control of Armenia on November 29, 1920.
An extinct language is a language which no longer has any native speakers - the opposite of a Modern language.
An Armenian-American is an American whose ancestry stems, either wholly or partly, from Armenia.
Sir Thomas Cavendish   was an English sea explorer.
Martin the Armenian was one of the settlers in the Jamestown Colony in Virginia.
William Saroyan   was an American author who wrote many plays and short stories about growing up impoverished as the son of Armenian immigrants.
Raphael Lemkin  was a lawyer of Polish-Jewish descent.
Vakıflı Köyü  is the only ethnic Armenian village in Turkey.
The Spanish colonization of the Americas began with the arrival in America of Christopher Columbus  in 1492.
A Conquistador  was a Spanish soldier, explorer and adventurer.
Shushanik Kurghinian   was an Armenian poet.
Gyumri  is the capital and largest city of the Shirak province in northwest Armenia.
Arminianism is a school of soteriological thought in Protestant Christian theology founded by the Dutch theologian Jacobus Arminius.
Sevak Ruben or Ruben Sevak  was an Armenian poet a prose-writer, and a doctor.
National Gallery of Armenia located at Yerevan, Armenia.
The Armenian Evangelical Church  was established on July 1, 1846 by thirty-seven men and three women in Constantinople.
The Armenian alphabet is an alphabet that has been used to write the Armenian language since the 5th century.
The Orontid Dynasty  was the first Armenian dynasty.
The Armenian Highland  is part of the Transcaucasian Highland and constitutes the continuation of the Caucasus mountains, also referred as eastern Armenia.
The Armenian Quarter is one of the four quarters of the Old City of Jerusalem.
Paulo César Fonseca do Nascimento  is a Brazilian soccer player  who is playing for Borussia Dortmund.He came in 2006 from gremio Porto Alegre, after he haf won the Copa Libertadores.
Lina Hahne  was crowned Miss Sweden on June 26.
Miss Universe is an international beauty contest.
Frank Thomas  is an American Major League Baseball player.
Northwest or north west is the direction halfway between North and West on a compass.
Southeast or south east is the direction halfway between south and east.
Silvia Night is a fictional  character played by Eva Augusta from Iceland.
Donald Trump  is a business man and one of Americas most wealthy persons.
Northeast or north east is the direction halfway between north and east.
Mona Ingeborg Sahlin  is the new leader for the Swedish Social Democratic Party after Göran Persson's 10 years as leader.
The Swedish Social Democratic Party is Swedens biggest political party.
Olof Palme   was a Swedish politician.
Elena Helena Paparizou  in Örgryte, Sweden, is a Greek singer and model who won the Eurovision Song Contest in 2005 for Greece.
Miss World is a international beauty pageant that started in 1951.
Saint Gregory the Illuminator or Saint Gregory the Enlightener (Armenian: Գրիգոր Լուսաւորիչ translit.
Shad Gregory Moss, better known as Bow Wow or formerly Lil' Bow Wow  is an African-American rapper, actor, and music producer.
John Milton Cage, Jr.
"4'33" is a musical composition written by avant-garde  musician John Cage.
The F/A-18 Hornet  is a fighter jet that is made by Boeing, and was originally manufactured by the McDonnell-Douglas Company.
The F-15 Eagle is a fighter jet that originally made by McDonnell-Douglas .
Sir James Clark Ross , was a English naval officer and explorer.
Hrant Dink   was a Turkish-Armenian editor, journalist and columnist.
"Agos"  is an Armenian weekly newspaper published in Turkey, established 5 April, 1996.
St Kilda Football Club  is an Australian Rules Football club who play in the Australian Football League.
Ingvar Carlsson , Sweden), is a Swedish politician, former Prime Minister of Sweden  and leader of the Social Democratic Party .
Shilpa Shetty   in Mangalore is a four-time Filmfare Award-nominated Indian film actress and model.
In any two-party system of politics, a third party is a party other than the two main ones.
Paula DeAnda  is an American singer.
Rihanna  is a Barbadian singer.
Fribourg is one of the twenty-six cantons of Switzerland.
Fribourg can mean one of two areas in Switzerland .
A compass rose is a figure that displays the cardinal directions: north, south, east and west.
Cardinal directions or cardinal points are the four main directions or points of the compass: north, east, south and west.
The name Social Democratic Party has been used by many parties in various countries around the world.
Hunk is a slang term for a man, usually musculous, considered handsome by a female.
A knight  is a piece in the game of chess.
The queen in chess is the tall piece which stands next to the king in the beginning of the game.
Dennis the Menace is the name of two different comic strips, which both debuted in 1951.
Altuğ Taner Akçam  is a Turkish historian, sociologist and author.
The International Date Line , also known as just the Date Line, is an imaginary line on the surface of the Earth, going from north to south in the Pacific Ocean.
Boredom is an state of mind, shown by lack of interest in what is around you.
On the Earth, a circle of latitude is an imaginary east-west circle that connects all locations with a given latitude.
J-Pop is the popular music of Japan.
A list of Japanese pop musicians and bands.
Ara Darzi  is a British doctor.
Puffy AmiYumi was the one of the more popular J-pop groups of the 1990s.
is a Japanese singer, model, and actress.
YUI, is a Japanese musician.
Zard was a J-pop music group.
Wyolica is a two person band from Japan.
Crystal Kay Williams  is a J-Pop singer.
SPEED is a Japanese music group.
Glay is a Japanese rock band.
Aiko  is a Japanese singer.
Ringo Shiina  is a Japanese singer and guitarist.
GO!GO!7188 is a band from Japan with three members.
Porno Graffitti is a Japanese J-Pop band.
Yuki Isoya is a Japanese singer.
"Mr.
3B LAB.* is one of the most popular bands in Japan.
Ellegarden is a Japanese band formed in 1998 by four young men.
Def Tech is a Japanese group.
Ai Otsuka  is a Japanese pop female singer-songwriter and pianist from Osaka, Osaka Prefecture, Japan.
Remioromen are a three-man band from Japan that started in 2000.
Ayaka Iida  is a Japanese female singer signed and song writer.
Hisasi Osima, better known as Kyu Sakamoto  was a Japanese singer and actor.
is a Japanese rock band from Okinawa Prefecture and signed to Sony Music.
Bump of Chicken is a Japanese rock music group.
is a Japanese pop singer from Kyoto who started in 2000 with "Take Back".
Zeebra  is a famous Japanese hip hop artist, who is known as the first rapper in Japan.
Dreams Come True is a Japanese J-Pop music group.
Every Little Thing is a Japanese rock band.
KAT-TUN not only sings and dances, but also acts.
Boa Kwon  is a South Korean singer.
Namie Amuro  is a Japanese singer born September 20, 1977 in Naha City, Okinawa was the top J-Pop star of the 1990s, with a long string of number-one hits.
Saturn  was a Roman god of agriculture and harvest.
Comanche peoples are Native Americans who lived in an area called the "Comancheria", which was where Eastern New Mexico, Southern Colorado, Southern Kansas, all of Oklahoma and most of Northern and Southern Texas are today.
A cuvette is a kind of laboratory glassware, usually a small tube of circular or square cross shape, closed at one end and open at the other, made of plastic, glass, or optical grade quartz and made to hold samples for spectroscopic experiments.
John Abbot  was an English Roman Catholic priest and poet.
Lemuel Abbott (c.
Thomas Eastoe Abbott  was an English poet, born in East Dereham, Norfolk.
In ancient history, a division of labour  was when some people in a city stopped growing crops and took other jobs.
The Euphrates is the western of the two rivers that define the borders of Mesopotamia .
JC Chasez , is an American singer, songwriter, actor, and producer, best known as one of the lead vocalists in the pop group *NSYNC.
Enrique Martín Morales , is a Grammy Award and Latin Grammy Award-winning Puerto Rican pop singer.
In feudalism, a fiefdom  was a piece of land that a lord gave a vassal in exchange for loyalty and protection from enemies.
Nicholai "Nicky" Olivia Hilton  is an American fashion model, socialite, and fashion designer.
Madeleine McCann  disappeared on the evening of Thursday, 3 May 2007 from a holiday apartment in Praia da Luz in the Algarve, Portugal.
Linda Rosing  is a model and was a participant in the 2003 edition of "Big Brother" in Sweden.
Linda Bengtzing  is a singer and television host.
Melodifestivalen translated as  is an annual music competition organised by Sveriges Television  and Sveriges Radio  to determine Sweden's representative song and performer at the Eurovision Song Contest.
Katie Price aka Jordan  is a glamour model, writer and singer.
Nicola Rachele-Beth Grahame  from Watford, Hertfordshire rose to fame in the UK when she was chosen to be a housemate on "Big Brother 7" in 2006.
Venus Ebony Starr Williams  is a former World No.
Serena Jameka Williams,  is an American former World No.
Miki Ando   is a figure skater from Japan.
Kelly Maria Ripa  is an American Daytime Emmy Award winning actress and talk show host.
Faith Alexis Ford  is an American television and movie actress.
"Hope & Faith" was an American television series.
"Live with Regis and Kelly" is a syndicated American television talk show, hosted by Regis Philbin and Kelly Ripa.
Charley Kazim Uchea  is an unemployed self-styled 'it girl' from, born in Southeast London, England.
Sven-Göran Eriksson born February 5, 1948) is a Swedish football manager.
Jade Goody  is a English reality television celebrity who gained Popularity after appearing on the TV show Big Brother in 2002.
Sara Rue  is an American actress.
"Less Than Perfect" was an American television series.
Hilary Hahn  is an American Grammy Award–winning violinist.
Larry King  is an award-winning American writer, journalist and broadcaster.
Norfolk, Virginia is a large city in Virginia, United States.
Cream Lemon is an anime series.
Vahan Tekeyan   was an Armenian poet, journalist, and public activist.
Pontic Greeks, Pontian Greeks, Pontians or Greeks of Pontus  can refer to Greeks specifically from the area of Pontus in the region of the former Empire of Trebizond on the Black Sea coast of Eastern Turkey, or in other cases more generally all Greeks from the shores of the Black Sea or the Pontus.
Nynorsk  is one of the two officially standards of the Norwegian language, the other being Bokmål.
The Austrian Armenian Cultural Society was founded in 1974 at Vienna, Austria, the Austrian-Armenian Cultural Society is an organization that promotes cultural ties between Armenia and Austria and a lot more.
Laredo, Texas is a mid-sized city in southern Texas, United States established in the year 1755.
The German-Armenian Society was founded in Berlin in 1914.
The Switzerland-Armenia Association is to provide and encourage ties between Switzerland and Armenia, culturally and economically.
Asbarez Newspaper began its publication in August 1908 in Fresno as a weekly.
Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas is a mid-sized city in northern Tamaulipas, Mexico established in the year 1847.
Military chocolate has been a part of U.S.
Marion Bartoli  is a female professional tennis player from France.
A kerchief  is a triangular or square piece of cloth tied around the head or around the neck for protective or decorative purposes.
Roger Federer  is a Swiss tennis professional who is currently ranked number two in the world.
Martina Hingis  is a Swiss tennis professional and former World Number 1 player.
Noisettes is a band.
Rafael Nadal  is a Spanish professional tennis player who has won five Grand Slam singles titles; four at the French Open and one at Wimbledon.
Justine Henin  is a Belgian former professional tennis player who used to be the World Number 1.
Carla Garapedian , was the anchor of the famous BBC World News, After leaving BBC News she worked on major stories such as "Beneath the Veil." Emmy award-winning film about women in Afghanistan, Carla Garapedian now is working on a new movie with System of a Down about genocides occurring world-wide such as forgotten genocides the Armenian genocide.
The Massacres of Erzerum or Erzeroum Massacres were the massacres of Armenian people in the city.
Lake Kari  is a lake in Armenia, in the slopes of Mount Aragats, mostly formed by ice and snow.
Mount Aragats  is the highest point in Armenia located in the province of Aragatsotn, northwest from Yerevan.
Crystle Stewart is a beauty queen from Houston, Texas.
The Victoria Cross for Australia  is the highest military decoration given for bravery "in the face of the enemy" to members of the Australia Armed Forces.
White Pines Forest State Park, also known as White Pines State Park, is an Illinois state park in Ogle County, Illinois.
Wing Commander George Hedley Stainforth AFC RAF  was a British Royal Air Force pilot.
Ion Heliade Rădulescu or Ion Heliade  was a Wallachian-born Romanian academic, Romantic and Classicist poet, essayist, short story writer, newspaper editor and politician.
The Chosroids  were a dynasty of the kings and later of the ruling princes of the early Georgian state of Iberia, natively known as Kartli, from the fourth to the ninth centuries.
The Guaramid Dynasty was the younger branch of the Chosroid royal house of Iberia .
George II  , of the Bagrationi Dynasty, was a king of Imereti from 1565 to 1585.
Bagrat III  , of the Bagrationi Dynasty, was a king of Imereti from April 1, 1510 to 1565.
A Glasgow Hillhead by-election was held on 25 March 1982.
Solaris is an operating system created by Sun Microsystems in the early 1990s to run on their workstations  and is still developed today.
Puja Gupta  was the winner of Miss India Universe in 2007.
Charles A.
Saved! is a 2004 teen comedy movie.
The Gibraltar Chronicle is a newspaper published daily in Gibraltar since 1801.
Alan Graham Johnston  is a British journalist working for the BBC.
BBC Television Centre  in White City, London is home to much of the BBC's television output.
The Liberty Bell in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania is an American bell of great historic importance.
Frank Lloyd Wright  was a famous architect from the early 1900's.
Law enforcement in Cuba is the responsibility of the National Revolutionary Police Force  under the administration of the Cuban Ministry of the Interior.
The Battle of Damascus  was the final action of the Allied advance on Damascus in Syria during the Syria-Lebanon campaign in World War II.
Laurence Mancuso  was the founding abbot of the New Skete Eastern Orthodox monastic community in upstate New York.
Joseph Beete Jukes , born to John and Sophia Jukes in Birmingham, England, was a renowned geologist, author of several geological manuals and served as a naturalist on the expeditions of "H.M.S Fly".
The Second Severn Crossing  is a bridge over the River Severn between England and Wales.
Spitz is a Japanese rock group that set up in 1987.
Yakima is a city in the state of Washington.
Sprite is a soda similar to 7 Up and Sierra Mist.
The University of Washington is a state university of Washington, along with Washington State University.
The Hershey Company , until April 2005 Hershey Foods Corporation, commonly called Hershey's, is America's largest chocolate company.
"Totally Spies!" is an animated cartoon series about teenaged spies who are usually on missions to save the Earth form evil.
"Screamers" is a 2006 documentary by director Carla Garapedian.
Ross Bagdasarian  was an American pianist, songwriter, actor, and record producer of Armenian descent.
Michael Shawn Hickenbottom  is an American professional wrestler, better known by the ring name "The Heartbreak Kid" Shawn Michaels'".
Mount McKinley or Denali is the highest mountain peak in North America.
In physical geography, a dune is a hill of sand built by eolian processes.
Hurri was a state along with Mitanni and also called the "Hurri lands", which many scholars place in Armenia.
A detective is a person who solves crime, or investigates.
Kieran Edward Richardson  is an English footballer currently playing for Manchester United He is a left-sided midfielder who is also comfortable playing in central midfield.
Juan Pablo Montoya  is a "NASCAR" stock car driver.
Riyo Mori born December 24, 1986 in Aoi-ku, Shizuoka, Japan is a Japanese dance instructor who won the Miss Universe 2007 title in May 2007.
Eolian  is an event that occurs in nature.
Each doll has her own line of accessories that includes a series of books about her life, furniture, clothing, pets, and things that she would use or play with.
Sergei Parajanov , , is considered by many to be one of the most original and critically-acclaimed filmmakers of the 20th century.
Artavazd Ashoti Peleshyan  is an Armenian movie director.
A dress is a piece of clothing that women sometimes wear.
Giza or Gizah  is a town in Egypt.
Spines are the ends of branches or leafs, that have been modified into rounded, hard structures with sharp ends.
Pope Pius IX , born Giovanni Maria Mastai-Ferretti, reigned as Pope of the Roman Catholic Church from his election in June 16, 1846, until his death more than 31 years later in 1878, making him the longest-reigning Pope since the Apostle St.
A sickle is a curved tool used in agriculture for harvesting grain crops.
Kilometres per hour is a unit of measurement, which measures speed or velocity.
Amanda Laura Bynes  is an American actress, former program host on Nickelodeon and fashion designer.
An exclamation mark  is a punctuation mark.
Yupi'k people are a group of native people who mainly reside in certain parts of Alaska, somewhere near Fairbanks.
Anna Sergeevna Kournikova   is a Russian model and retired professional tennis player.
Sk8er Boi is a single by pop-punk singer Avril Lavigne.
A talk show is a radio or television program where one or more hosts discuss current issues or other topics with guests.
A graduated cylinder is a piece of laboratory glassware used to accurately measure volumes of chemicals for use in reactions.
Edmond Keosayan  was an Armenian Soviet movie director and musician.
Amerigo Vespucci  was an Italian merchant, explorer and cartographer.
"Titanic" is a 1997 romantic drama movie directed, written, and co-produced by James Cameron about the sinking of the RMS Titanic.
Rip Slyme is a Japanese hip hop group formed in 1994.
Laboratory flasks are containers made of glass which are usually used in scientific laboratories.
Naming very large numbers is relatively easy.
Acetylene is a hydrocarbon, belonging to the alkyne group.
Ralf Schumacher  is a German ex-Formula one driver; he is younger brother of Michael Schumacher.
Auto racing  is a sport involving racing automobiles.
Lascelles Abercrombie  was a British poet and critic of Literature, and he was a member of a group of famous poets called "Dymock poets".
Elizabeth 'Eliza' Acton  was an English poet and cook.
Ralph Fiennes, is an English actor, born 22 December 1962 in Ipswich, Suffolk, England, who won the Tony Award and was nominated for the Academy Award for his work in Steven Spielberg's movie "Schindler's List", and the Genie Award.
Vi Kyuin Wellington Koo   was a Chinese diplomat.
Wade-Giles , sometimes abbreviated Wade, is a Romanization system for the Chinese language.
A prince is a member of the highest aristocracy .
Natalia Oreiro  is Uruguayan singer and actress.She played soap-operas and movies.Her most knowm soap-opera is called Muñeca Brava , which was an every-afternoon-smash-hit during its run in Argentina.Her last soap-opera Sos mi vida  was sold more than 40 countries.
The Democratic Progressive Party   is a major political party in the Republic of China .
The President of the Republic of China   is the head of state and commander in chief of the democratic island country known officially as the Republic of China .
Anastas Hovhannesi Mikoyan  was an Armenian Old Bolshevik and Soviet statesman during the Stalin and Khrushchev years.
Mitanni was a Hurrian kingdom in northern Mesopotamia from ca.
The Russian British are people who came from Russia and live in United Kingdom.
Larry Griffin  - was a man accused of killing 19-year-old Quintin Moss.
Nassau County is a suburban county in the New York Metropolitan area east of New York City in the U.S.
White Bears or Spitak Archer were a group of fighters organized and equipped by Garo Kahkejian, a volunteer from United States a grandson of Genocide survivors, his units drew volunteers from everywhere taking on the most difficult missions.
The Nagorno-Karabakh War was an armed conflict that took place from February 1988 to May 1994, in the small ethnic enclave of Nagorno-Karabakh in southwestern Azerbaijan, between the mostly ethnic Armenians of Nagorno-Karabakh backed by the Republic of Armenia against the Republic of Azerbaijan.
The province of Bozen wanted more autonomy, because the main German-speaking community of Italy lives there.
SMAP is a Japanese boy band.
Kick the Can Crew is a Japanese hip-hop group.
Judy and Mary is a Japanese rock band.
Angela Aki  is a J-pop singer-songwriter.
Reduction in a general sense means to take of a part of a whole thing or to make it smaller.
This is the International Phonetic Alphabet chart for English.
The Spanish Empire was one of the largest empires in history and one of the first global empires.
The Viceroyalty of New Spain was the name of the viceroy-ruled territories of the Spanish Empire in Asia, North America and its peripheries from 1535 to 1821.
Matthew Langford Perry  is a American-Canadian Emmy and Golden Globe nominated actor who is famous for his role as "Chandler Bing" in the American television sitcom "Friends", a part he played for 10 years.
Matthew Steven LeBlanc  is an Emmy and Golden Globe nominated American actor, famous for his role as "Joey Tribbiani" on the TV sitcoms "Friends"  and "Joey".
Tango is a dance that was created in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Ethane is a chemical compound and an alkane with a chemical formula of C2H6.
In chemistry terms, cracking is a process by which complicated organic molecules  are broken down into simpler molecules (e.g.
Christchurch is a city in the South Island of New Zealand.
Phosphine is the common name for the chemical compound phosphorus hydride .
A planetary ring is a ring made of dust and other particles orbiting around a planet in a flat-disc shaped region.
The Kingdom of Castile was one of the medieval kingdoms of the Iberian Peninsula.
Luigi Galvani  was an Italian physician who lived and died in Bologna.
lorem ipsum is a standard placeholder text in publishing and graphic design.
The planetary core is the innermost layer or layers in a planet.
Redox  describes all chemical reactions in which atoms have their oxidation number  changed.
The Resistance at Van  was an resistance against the Ottoman Empire's attempts to remove its Armenian population.
100   is the natural number going after 99 and coming before 101.
Wasabi is a spice from the cabbage family.
A prion disease  is a disease which is caused by prions.
"Help!" is a 1965 movie starring The Beatles, and also the name of the movie's theme song, and of its soundtrack album.
"Please Please Me" was a 1963 album by The Beatles.
It is possible to see a 38 meter long barge which can be visited, trawler and barge motors and a whale skeleton.
Echternach is a city in Luxembourg.
Breast cancer is a type of cancer that happens to the breast.
A beaker is a type of laboratory equipment used to measure an amount of material, mineral or liquid.
Cue sports are games played with balls on a cloth-covered table that has rubber railings  around it to keep the balls on the table.
Cheryl Sarkisian LaPierre   is an American actress, singer, songwriter, author and entertainer.
Frunzik  Mkrtchyan  was a popular Soviet Armenian actor who was named a People's Artist of the Soviet Union in 1984.
Aviatic is a 4 member rock band from Los Angeles, California.
Yuzu  is a Japanese popular music duo.
Pestilence is a term that is used for any highly infectious disease that can cause an epidemic or even a pandemic.
This article is a list of major epidemics.
A pandemic  is an epidemic  that spreads across a large region , or even worldwide.
Training means practicing to gain more skills.
The twenty-fifth edition of the event is scheduled for April 5, 2009 at Reliant Stadium in Houston, Texas.
Demi Moore  is an American actress.
Stacy Ann Ferguson , better known by her stage name Fergie, is an American R&B/hip-hop singer-songwriter, and actress.
Zuleyka Jerrís Rivera Mendoza  is a beauty queen who has held the titles Miss Puerto Rico and Miss Universe 2006.
Amanda Peet  is an American movie and television actress.
Rupert James Hector Everett  is an English actor and used to be a singer.
Shiri Maymon  is an Israeli singer who represented her country in Eurovision Song Contest 2005 where she reached the final.
Thomas William Selleck  is a Golden Globe and Emmy Award winning American actor, screenwriter and film producer, very famous for his role on the long-running television show "Magnum P.I." He has also acted in many movies and had a recurring role as "Dr.
Robert Michael Schneider  is an American actor, comedian, screenwriter, and director.
Växjö  is a city in Småland in southern Sweden.
Carolina Evelyn Klüft  is a Swedish athlete.
Jonas Lars Björkman  is a Swedish professional male tennis player and former World No.
Do As Infinity was a popular Japanese band which had their first song on September 29, 1999, "Tangerine Dream".
Myleene Angela Klass  is an English classical pianist, commercial model, television and radio presenter, and former member of the UK pop group Hear'Say.
Kym Gail Ryder   is an English Actress and Singer.
Mackenzie Ryann Rosman  is an American child actress.
David Lee Gallagher  is an American actor.
Jessica Claire Biel  is an American actress and former fashion model best known for appearing in several Hollywood films such as "Summer Catch", the remake of "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" and "The Illusionist", as well as for her early television role of Mary Camden in the long-running family-drama series "7th Heaven".
"7th Heaven" was an American television series about a Protestant minister's family living in the fictional town of Glenoak, California.
Beverley Ann Mitchell  is an American actress and country music singer.
Nanne Grönvall  is a Swedish singer-songwriter.
Human biology is an academic field that is part of biology, biological anthropology, and medicine which focuses on humans; it is closely related to primate biology, and a number of other fields.
William Jonathan Drayton Jr.
Schapelle Leigh Corby  is an Australian woman convicted and imprisoned in Indonesia for drug smuggling.
Autogenic training is a relaxation technique developed by the German psychiatrist Johannes Schultz and first published in 1932.
There are different ways to write down an "equation" like " two and three" .
Ian Craig Marsh  is a British musician, a founding member of the electronic band The Human League.
Laboratory equipment are tools and equipment used by scientists who work in a laboratory.
Sarah Louise Heath Palin  is the Governor of Alaska and was the Republican Party's nominee for Vice President in the 2008 United States presidential election, however lost to Joe Biden.
Samvel Babayan , was the Commander in Chief of the Nagorno-Karabakh Defense Army from 1994 to 2000.
The Nagorno-Karabakh  Defense Army was made on May 9, 1992 as the formal defense force of the unrecognized Nagorno-Karabakh Republic, made up of Armenians.
The Nagorno-Karabakh Republic   or Artsakh Republic is a "de facto" independent republic located in the Nagorno-Karabakh region of the South Caucasus.
Brandon Bruce Lee  was an American actor of Han Chinese, German, English and Swedish descent.
Matthew Raymond "Matt" Dillon  is an Academy Award-nominated American actor.
Matthew Paige "Matt" Damon  is an American actor and screenwriter.
Robert Urich  was an Emmy-winning actor, famous for playing private investigators on the television series '  and "Vega$" .
Victor Morrow  was an American actor.
The Lal Masjid siege was a conflict centering around the Lal Masjid mosque and madrasah complex in Islamabad, the capital of Pakistan, that was besieged from July 3 to July 11, 2007.
The Mourning Dove  is bird in the dove family, "Columbidae".
Mai Kuraki  is a Japanese female pop and R&B singer.
Saint Mesrop Mashtots  was an Armenian monk who invented the Armenian alphabet in the year 406.
Ashlee Simpson  is an American pop rock singer, songwriter, and actress, and younger sister of pop singer Jessica Simpson.
The Airbus A340 is a long-range four-engined widebody commercial passenger airplane manufactured by Airbus S.A.S.
The autonomic nervous system   is the part of the peripheral nervous system that controls the body's internal state.
The Peripheral nervous system, or PNS, is part of the nervous system, and consists of the nerves and neurons that are outside the central nervous system  and serve the limbs and organs, for example.
IKEA is a chain of furniture and DIY stores.
The central nervous system  is the largest part of the nervous system.
The spinal cord is a thin bundle of nerves that is an extension of the central nervous system from the brain and is enclosed in and protected by the bony vertebral column.
Who Wants To Be A Millionaire? is a British quiz show, produced by Celador.
Danny Saucedo  is a Swedish singer who competed as as one of the finalists in Pop Idol — the Swedish version of Idol.
Agnes Carlsson , born March 6 1988 in Vänersborg, is a Swedish singer who rose to popularity after winning "Idol 2005", the Swedish version of "Pop Idol", shown by TV4.
Daniel Lindström  is a Swedish singer from Umeå who won the Swedish Idol 2004 contest against Darin Zanyar.
Destiny’s Child was a three-time Grammy Award-winning American R&B group.
Kelly Rowland  is a Grammy Award-winning American R&B singer, songwriter, dancer, and occasional actress, who rose to fame as one of the founding members of the successful R&B girl group Destiny's Child, the world's best-selling female group of all time selling over 100 million records worldwide.
"Pop Idol" was a British television series that was first shown on ITV on October 5 2001; the show was a talent contest to decide the best new young pop singer, or 'pop idol', in the United Kingdom, based on viewer voting and participation.
Rachel Renee Smith  is a beauty queen from Clarksville, Tennessee who won the Miss USA contest in 2007 and who previously had competed in the Miss Teen USA contest.
Natalie Glebova,  is a Russian Canadian beauty queen who has held the title Miss Universe 2005.
Michelle Williams  is an American gospel and R&B singer, songwriter, and actress.
Simon Cowell  is an English artist and repertoire  executive for Sony BMG in the United Kingdom.
Reality television is a genre of television programming which presents unscripted dramatic or humorous situations, document actual events, and have ordinary people instead of professional actors.
Tengwar is a is a constructed writing system, invented by J.
Petros Duryan  an Armenian poet and actor.
Adriana Lima  is a Brazilian supermodel.
The Cuban Missile Crisis was a period of tension between the Soviet Union and the United States, using Cuba as a battleground.
Berbers (also called Amazigh, "free men", pl.
The prosencephalon , the mesencephalon , and rhombencephalon  are the three primary portions of the brain of vertebrates.
Gag is usually used to prevent someone from speaking.
Meänkieli  is a Finno-Ugric language spoken in the River Torne valley in the north of Sweden, above the Arctic circle.
Toni Michelle Braxton  is an American R&B singer, songwriter, and actress.
Joan Rivers  is an American comedian, talk show host, businesswoman, and celebrity.
Melissa Rivers  is an American actress and television co-host for fashion/red carpet interviews on cable and satellite television, previously for the E! cable network and currently for the TV Guide channel with her mother, comedian Joan Rivers.
Teri Lynn Hatcher  is an Emmy-nominated and Golden Globe Award-winning American actress and author.
Felicity Huffman  is an Academy Award-nominated and Emmy Award-winning American movie and television actress.
Marcia Anne Cross  is an Emmy and Golden Globe Award-nominated American actress.
Eva Jacqueline Longoria-Parker  is a Golden Globe Award-nominated American movie and television actress.
Nicollette Sheridan  is a Golden Globe nominated British actress, primarily on soap operas, movies and television.
Contiki is a small, open source free operating system.
Princess Madeleine of Sweden, Duchess of Hälsingland and Gästrikland, , born on June 10, 1982, is the youngest child and second daughter of King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia of Sweden.
Queen Silvia of Sweden   is the Queen consort of King Carl XVI Gustaf, Sweden's monarch, and the mother of the heir apparent to the throne, Crown Princess Victoria.
Victoria, Crown Princess of Sweden, Duchess of Vastergotland , , born July 14, 1977, is the heiress apparent to the Swedish throne.
Prince Carl Philip of Sweden , born May 13, 1979, Duke of Värmland, is the second child of three children and only son of King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia of Sweden.
Hermeskeil is a town in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Reinsfeld is a village in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
The Hunsrück is a low mountain range in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
The International Space Station  is a space station currently being built in space.
Kentwood is a rural town in Tangipahoa Parish, Louisiana near the Mississippi border.
"I'm with You" is one of Avril Lavigne's most popular songs.
A somersault is an acrobatic move where a person tucks in mid-air and moves the feet over the head.
Lisa Donovan is a famous YouTuber, actress and writer.
Augite is a mineral.
An onyx is a type of rock mineral.
The Opal is a rock mineral.
An amethyst is a type of quartz mineral rock.
An emerald is a mineral rock from the variety of beryl.
A garnet is one kind of silicate mineral.
Ralph Macchio  is an American actor.
The French Armenian Legion, was made with the French-Armenian Agreement , was a foreign legion unit within French Army.
Vahan M.
Northern India, also known as Hindustan, is a land and cultural region of India.
The Yalta Conference  was held in February 1945, just after the Second World War was over.
The Potsdam Conference was a meeting of the Soviet Union, the United Kingdom and the United States in Potsdam, Germany from July 17 to August 2, 1945.
The Nahe is a river in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, a left tributary to the Rhine.
The Palatinate , historically also Rhenish Palatinate , is a region in south-western Germany.
The Taunus is a mountain range in Hesse, Germany.
The An-225 "Mriya" is the largest airliner in the world.
Edmund Burke  was an important Irish politician, and writer.
Muslim holidays mainly celebrate events of the Muslim prophet, Muhammad's life like Christians celebrate events in Jesus' life such as his birth  and his death .
"Guys and Dolls" is a musical.
, real name , is a Japanese famous anison singer, composer, voice actor and ordinary actor.
The Saalburg is a Roman fortification in the Taunus mountains in Germany and was a stronghold in the Upper Germanic Limes.
Kesha Wizzart , was a future pop star and a contestant on the television show "Stars In Their Eyes".
Naming very small numbers is the same as naming very big numbers, but with one important difference.
The Military of ancient Rome  means all military forces of Ancient Rome from the founding of the city of Rome to the end of the Western Roman Empire.
The Roman Legion  is a term that can mean both: the heavy infantry that was the basic military unit of the ancient Roman army in the period of the late Roman Republic and the Roman Empire and with a wider meaning "legio"  in the sense of the entire Roman army.
An alpha helix  is a twisted part of a protein.
After World War II Nazi Germany west of the Oder-Neisse line was divided into four occupation zones.
A Topaz is the birthstone  of someone whose birthday lands in the month of November.
Beautiful is a song from Christina Aguilera's album "Stripped".
The fundamental theorem of algebra is a proven fact that is the basis of mathematical analysis, the study of limits.
R.E.M.
The State of Israel is a country in the Middle East.
Lake Champlain is a natural freshwater lake in North America along the borders of New York and Vermont and partially across the United States-Canada border in the province of Quebec.
Fumie Suguri  is a Japanese figure skater.
Although Russian is the only official language of the Russian Federation, there are several other officially-recognized languages for areas within Russia.
The United States Occupational Safety and Health Administration  is an agency of the United States Department of Labor.
Arsenio Hall  is an American actor and comedian.
Bezenye is a village in the north-west of Hungary.
The Royal Proclamation of 1763 was issued October 7, 1763, by King George III after Great Britain gained French territory in North America after the end of the French and Indian War/Seven Years' War.
Inkscape is a vector graphics  drawing program published under the GNU General Public License.
A land grant is a gift of real estate - land or privileges - made by a government or other authority as a reward for services to an individual, especially as rewards for military service.
Pope Leo XIII , born Vincenzo Gioacchino Raffaele Luigi Pecci, was the 256th Pope of the Roman Catholic Church.
Konzum is Croatia's biggest supermarket chain.
Mother Teresa  , was a Roman Catholic nun who founded the Missionaries of Charity and won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1979 for her work with people.
Joanna Noëlle Levesque , known by her stage name JoJo, is an American singer.
Angela Aames  was an American actress.
Willie Aames  is an actor famous for the roles of Buddy Lembeck on "Charles in Charge", Tommy Bradford on "Eight is Enough" and the voice of Hank on "Dungeons & Dragons", the cartoon.
Peter Abbay  plays the mysterious unseen Banker on NBC's hit game show, "Deal or No Deal".
Bruce Abbott  is an American actor.
William Alexander “Bud” Abbott  was an American actor, producer and comedian born in Asbury Park, New Jersey.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar (born Ferdinand Lewis Alcindor, Jr.
Betty Aberlin  is an American actress, poet, and writer.
Jake Abel  is an American actor.
Beaudrecourt is a village in the Lorraine region of France.
Hayden Leslie Panettiere  is an American actress, singer, and a Grammy Award nominee.
Toul is a city in the Northeastern part of France.
blessthefall is an U.S post-hardcore band from Phoenix, Arizona.
Amber, also called Allingite or Burmite , is the common name for fossil resin that is appreciated for its inherent and interesting mixture of colours and it is widely used for the manufacture of ornamental objects.
Resin or Rosin "" is a hydrocarbon secretion of many plants, particularly coniferous trees, valued for its chemical constituents and uses such as varnishes, adhesives, as an important source of raw materials for organic synthesis, or for incense and perfume.
Varnish is a transparent, hard, protective finish or film primarily used in wood finishing but also for other materials.
Secretion is the process of releasing chemicals from a cell, or a secreted chemical substance or amount of substance.
An adhesive is a compound that adheres or bonds two items together.
Natural gums are polysaccharides of natural origin, that can change the viscosity of a material in solution, even at small concentrations.
Ali ibn Abi Talib  ‎  was an early Islamic leader.
The Zakarid Armenia, is made to describe territories of Armenia given to the Zakarid-Mxargrzeli princes as a fief by Tamar, the queen of the Kingdom of Georgia.
The complex relationship between women and Islam is shown by both Islamic texts and the history and culture of the Muslim world.
A chador  is a piece of clothing.
A vortex mixer is small machine used in laboratories to mix small beakers of liquids.
Niqab is a piece of clothing.
Hira is a cave.
Hakīm Abul-Qāsim Firdawsī Tūsī   or Ferdowsi is a Persian poet.
Hakim Abu Mansur Muhammad Ibn Ahmad Daqiqi Balkhi   or Daqiqi was a Persian poet.
Edward VII  was the King of the United Kingdom from 1901 to 1910, which is called the Edwardian period.
Adhesive tape is a tape that is coated with adhesive and used to stick objects together.
Roman Polanski  is a movie director.
Watford is a town in Hertfordshire, England, just north of London.
Home Alone is a 1990 comedy movie.
Hijab  is the Arabic word for "to cover", and in general, means to be modest.
"Scooby-Doo" is an American long-running animated series that was made for Saturday morning cartoons in many different versions from 1969 to now.
The Akita is a breed of dog from Japan.
Hakīm Nizām ad-Dīn Abū Muhammad Ilyās ibn-Yusūf ibn-Zakī ibn-Mu'ayyid Nezāmi Ganjavi   or Nezāmi is a Persian poet.
Metric is a Canadian band.
Abu Abdullah Jafar ibn Mohammad ibn Hakim ibn Abdurrahman ibn Adam Rudaki Samarghandi (859 - c.
Baba Taher  was a Persian poet.
Hakīm Abul-Hasan Yamīn al-Dīn Khusrow Balkhi Dehlavi   or Amir Khosrow is a Persian poet.
Khwajeh Shams al-Din Muhammad Hafez-e Shirazi    or Hafez is a Persian poet.
Forough Farrokhzad  (Persian:فروغ فرخزاد was an Iranian poetess.
Ahmad Shamlou   or Shamlou was a Persian poet, writer and journalist.
Parvin E'tesami  (Persian: پروین اعتصامی is an Iranian poetess.
Jihad is an Arabic word meaning "to struggle".
Postfix notation is a mathematical notation.
Infix notation is the common arithmetic and logical formula notation, in which operators are written infix-style between the operands they act on (e.g.
Fiqh or Islamic jurisprudence is an expansion of Sharia law and is meant to be used with fatwas by Islamic clerics to help Muslims not break Sharia law.
Dir en grey is a rock band from Japan.
Hurricane Wilma was the strongest hurricane ever recorded in the Atlantic Ocean.
The Yucatán Peninsula separates the Caribbean Sea from the Gulf of Mexico.
Clarksville is a city in Montgomery County, Tennessee, USA.
Live Earth was a series of concerts held on July 7, 2007, and were organized by Al Gore, who used to be the vice president.
Wembley Stadium was a sports arena located in London, England.
Inches of mercury, inHg or Hg is a non-SI unit for pressure, or a way to measure how hard something is pushing on something else.
Lou Costello, born Louis Francis Cristillo , was an American actor and comedian best known as half of the comedy team of Abbott and Costello, with Bud Abbott.
Kirstie Louise Alley  is an American actress famous for her role in the TV show "Cheers", where she played Rebecca Howe from 1987-1993, winning an Emmy as the "Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series" for 1991.
Seth Elijah Adkins  is an American actor.
Daniel Louis Aiello, Jr.
Claude Marion Akins was an American actor .
Don Adams , born Donald James Yarmy, was an American actor famous for his role as "Maxwell Smart"  in the TV situation comedy "Get Smart" , for which he also directed and wrote.
Benjamin Géza Affleck  is a Golden Globe Award-nominated American movie actor, director, and Academy Award-winning and Golden Globe Award-winning screenwriter.
"The Cosby Show" is an American television sitcom starring Bill Cosby, first broadcast on September 20, 1984 and ran for eight seasons on the NBC television network, until April 30, 1992.
Wembley Stadium is a football stadium in London, England.
Port Dover Composite School is a public high school in Port Dover, Ontario, Canada.
Rouben Mamoulian   was an Armenian-American film and theatre director.
Ivan Aivazovsky  was a Russian painter of Armenian descent, most famous for his seascapes, which make up more than half of his paintings.
A thistle tube is made of glass and is used in laboratories to add liquid to beakers of other liquids or sometimes to other pieces of equipment.
The World Meteorological Organization  is an international organization with a membership of 188 Member States and Territories.
A static mixer is a piece of equipment that is used to mix liquids in laboratories.
Komárno is a town in the south-west of Slovakia.
Komarno is a town in the Ukraine.
In statistics and probability theory, correlation  means the strength and direction of a linear relationship between two random variables.
Sunscreen  is a lotion, spray or other topical product that helps protect the skin from the sun's ultraviolet  radiation, and which reduces sunburn and other skin damage, with the goal lowering your risk of skin cancer.
The First Council of Nicaea was held in Nicaea in Bithynia  in 325.
Oscypek  is a smoked cheese from Poland and Slovakia.
Bigos is a traditional dish from Poland and Lithuania.
Kaliber 44 is a rap band from Poland.
Lupin, often spelled lupine in North America, is the common name for members of the genus "Lupinus" in the family Fabaceae.
The bar , decibar  and the millibar  are units of pressure.
The pascal  is the SI derived unit of pressure or stress.
Jerez de la Frontera is a city located in the province of Cádiz, in the region of Andalusia in Spain.
Limited government is a form of government with roles and powers given, limited, and limited by law, usually in a written constitution.
The Azores are a group of nine islands located in the North Atlantic Ocean about 1,500 km  from Lisbon, Portugal.
Wade Jeremy Robson  is an Australian professional dancer, choreographer, producer, and songwriter.
"His Eminence" Prince Adam Stefan Stanisław Bonfatiusz Józef Cardinal Sapieha  was a Polish prelate of the Roman Catholic Church and, what some might call, mentor of Pope John Paul II.
In the Roman Catholic Church, Cardinal is an office.
Maria Faustina Kowalska, commonly known as Saint Faustina, born Helena Kowalska  was a Polish nun and mystic.
Don Giovanni is an opera by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.
"The Magic Flute" (German: "Die Zauberflöte", K.
George Chuvalo was a Canadian heavyweight champion and the multiple contender for the heavyweight title in the 1960s and 1970s.
Guest workers are people brought into a country to work in different industries.
Tropical Storm Lee was a weak tropical storm that hardly reached tropical storm status for a short time while over the central Atlantic Ocean during late August and early September 2005.
The Lesser Antilles  are a group of islands that is located between the eastern edge of the Carribean Sea and the western Atlantic Ocean, while some of the islands are also located just off the northern coast of South America.
A cold front is a meteorological word that is used to describe the movement of a cooler airmass into an area of warmer air.
A separating funnel  is a piece of laboratory equipment made mostly of glass and is used to separate two liquids that usually are very hard to separate, for example, Oil and Water.
Microplate readers  are laboratory equipment used to see any biological, chemical or physical change in samples of chemicals in microtiter plates.
A microtiter plate  is a flat plate with lots of "wells" used as small test tubes.
Bulgarian  is an Indo-European language spoken mainly in Bulgaria.
An Erlenmeyer flask or conical flask is a laboratory equipment with a conical base and a short neck.
A girlfriend is a term that can mean either a female partner in a non-marital relationship, or just a female friend.
Miley Ray Cyrus  is an American actress, singer, and songwriter.
Concordia is a city in north-eastern Kansas, USA.
The term indigenous people means people who where the first who lived in a certain region.
A migrant worker is someone who regularly works away from home, if they even have a home.
Unicode is a standard for computers to make them able to show text in different languages.
A low pressure area, or low for short, is a meteorological word that is used to describe a region where the atmospheric pressure is lowest with relation to the surrounding area.
A hill fort is a fortified refuge or defended settlement.
Troy, Michigan is a city in Michigan, United States.
Gin is a type of alcoholic drink with a high amount of alcohol in it, usually about 35-50% alcohol by volume.
A prostitute  is a person, most of the time a woman, who has sex with people for money.
A girl is a female child.
"Family Guy" is a 1999 animated comedy television series created by Seth MacFarlane.
MySpace is a social networking website where people can communicate using messages, video and photo uploads, blogs, social groups, and music.
RuneScape is a game that is played on a computer.
Jagex stands for Java Gaming Experts.
"Ella Enchanted" is a Newbery Honor book.
Exploitation means using things that are available in order to benefit from it.
"People" is a weekly American magazine of celebrity and human interest stories, published by Time Inc.
The Eye of Horus was an important symbol in ancient Egypt.
Dalip Singh Rana  is an Indian professional wrestler and actor.
In Etruscan mythology, Ani is god of the sky.
"Tecophilaea" is a genus of plants in the family "Tecophilaeaceae".
Propolis ' „for“ y ' „city“ is a wax-like resinous substance collected by honey bees from tree buds (e.g.
"Home and Away"  is a soap opera that has been made in Sydney by the Seven Network since July 1987.
Sir Philip Anthony Hopkins CBE   is an Academy Award, Golden Globe and Emmy Award-winning movie, stage and television actor.
Turner Classic Movies  is a cable television channel featuring commercial-free classic movies, mostly from the Turner Entertainment and Warner Bros.
The Internet Broadway Database  is an online database of Broadway theatre productions and their personnel.
Brigitte Bardot   is a French actress, former fashion model, singer, animal rights activist, and considered one of the most important sex symbols of the 1950s and 1960s.
Farben Lehre is a Polish punk rock band.
Billy Crystal  is a Golden Globe Award-nominated and Emmy Award-winning American actor, writer, producer, comedian and film director.
Tara Leigh Patrick , commonly known as Carmen Electra, is an American glamour model, television personality, dancer, singer and actress.
Calista Kay Flockhart  is an Emmy Award-nominated and Golden Globe-winning American actress, especially on soap operas and television.
William Dwight Schultz  is an American stage, television and film actor.
Frederick Aaron Savage  is an Emmy Award and Golden Globe Award-nominated American actor and television director.
Eugene Curran Kelly , better known as Gene Kelly, was an American dancer, actor, singer, director, producer, and choreographer.
Islamic fundamentalism is supporting usage of Islamic laws based on the Quran and hadiths in law.
The Golden Globe Awards are American awards for motion pictures and television programs, given out each year during a formal dinner.
Allmusic, which was known as All Music Guide  before, is a database about music.
"The Lord of the Rings" is a set of three fantasy movies: "The Fellowship of the Ring" , "The Two Towers"  and "The Return of the King" .
Gary Wayne Coleman  is an American actor.
A cameo role or cameo appearance  is a brief appearance of a known person in a work of the performing arts, such as plays, films, video games and television.
George Peppard, Jr.
Rotten Tomatoes is a website dedicated to reviews, information, and news of movies and video games.
Halle Maria Berry  is an American actress.
The Golden Raspberry Awards or Razzies, first awarded in 1981, were created by John Wilson in 1980, with the intention to be the opposite to the Academy Awards by dishonoring the worst that the film industry had to offer.
Blowing a raspberry or making a Bronx cheer is to make a noise made to make fun of a person or persons, made by sticking out the tongue between the lips and blowing to make a sound similar to flatulence.
Joshua Carter Jackson  is a Canadian actor.
John Wayne  was an Academy Award-winning, American film actor.
Tropical Storm Tammy is the nineteenth named storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season.
Abu Najm Ahmad ibn Qaus Manuchehri Damghani (c.
Piranshahr (Persian: پیرانشهر, meaning "City of Piran" and is derived from the name of the local tribe of "Piran" is a city in northwest of Iran on the Iraqi border.
Mowlana Jalal ad-Din Muhammad Balkhi Rumi  or Rumi was a Persian poet.
Abu Shakur Balkhi   or Boshakor Balkhi is a Persian poet.
Abu Mo’in Hamid al-Din Nasir ibn Khusraw Qubadiani Marvzi  was a Persian poet.
Hakīm Awhad ad-Din Ali ibn Mohammad Khavarani Anvari Abivardi   or Anvari is a Persian poet.
"Combat Baby" was also a single in the UK.
Mohammad Reza Pahlavi  was the last Shah of Iran.
Medhi Bazargan   or Mahdi Bazargan was an Iranian scholar.
Constanţa is the largest Romanian seaport on the Black Sea and the largest city in Dobruja.
A gazelle is a kind of antelope.
Kabyle is a Berber language  spoken by the Kabyle people.
Slackware is a Linux distribution which is famous for being stable, fast and suitable for older computers.
Tropical Storm Bert was a weak storm that only lasted from June 28 to June 29.
Tropical Storm Harvey was a strong tropical storm that moved across the Atlantic Ocean from August 2 to August 8.
"Flash Gordon" is a science fiction adventure story that began as a comic strip in 1934.
2  is a number, numeral, and glyph.
Regina is the capital city of the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
A parachute is a pack that inflates and slows down speed rate of falling from the sky.
The United States Capitol is the building where the United States Congress meets.
A strut bar or strut brace is a bar that is used to spread weight out on the two front wheels of a car.
Front-wheel drive, or FWD, is a car setup, where the car's power is at the front wheels.
Rear-wheel drive, or RWD, is when a car uses its rear wheels to move.
The word wireless is normally used to refer to any type of electrical or electronic operation which is done without a "hard wired" connection.
Shah is a Persian word which means the king or ruler of a country.
Approval voting is a voting system used for elections.
An agar plate is a Petri dish that contains agar and some nutrients.
Abū al-Mughīth Hossein ibn Manūr Al Hallāj (c.
A conical measure is a piece of laboratory equipment which is used to store and mix liquids.
Abu Al Qasim Hasan ibn Ahmad Unsuri Balkhi (d.
Ali Shariati Mazinani   or Shariati was an Iranian Muslim philosopher, sociologist, poet and writer.
Abul Hasan Abu Ishaq Kasa'i Marvazi   or Kasai is a Persian poet.
Abul Hasan Ali ibn Julugh Farrukhi Sistani  or Farrokhi is a Persian poet.
Amir Abdollah Muhammad Mu'izzi  was an 11th century and 12th century poet.
Afzal ad- Din Badil Ibrahim ibn Ali Nadjar Khaqani Shirvani  or Khaghani Shirvani was a Persian poet.
The Seasons  is an oratorio by Joseph Haydn.
Sohrab Sepehri  was an Iranian poet and painter.
Mahmud Shabestari  is a Persian Sufi poet.
Nur ad-Din Abd ar-Rahman Jami   or Jami was a Persian Sufi poet.
Sheikh Muslih-ud-Din Mushrif-ibn-Abdullah Saadi Shirazi  or Saadi was a Persian poet.
Saint-Paul, Réunion is the second largest city in Réunion.
Jalaalolmamalek pesar e Gholam Hossein Mirzaor Iraj Mirza was an Iranian poet.He was born in Tabriz,Iran.
Federalism is a political philosophy in which a group of people are bound together, with a governing head.
A federation is a union of a number of self-governing states or regions, which are all ordered by a central government.
A federal republic is a federation of states, with a republican form of central government.
In mathematics, a square of a number means the result of multiplying the number by itself.
Pan is a moon of Saturn.
Tropical Storm Franklin was a strong tropical storm that stayed in the western Atlantic Ocean for much of its life.
Atlas is a moon of Saturn.
Prometheus is a moon of Saturn.
Christopher Adam "Chris" Daughtry  is a popular American singer, best known for being the fourth-place finisher on American Idol, and for being the lead singer of Daughtry, who released their first hit album in 2006.
Pandora is a moon of Saturn.
Daphnis is a moon of Saturn.
Melinda Marie Doolittle  is an American singer, best known for being the third-place finalist on "American Idol".
Epimetheus is a moon of Saturn.
Janus is a moon of Saturn.
Enceladus is a round, large moon of Saturn.
Tethys is a large moon of Saturn.
Tropical Storm Jose was a tropical storm that lived for a very short time from August 22 to August 23.
Hurricane Cindy was a tropical cyclone that reached minimal hurricane strength for a very short time in the Gulf of Mexico during July and made landfall in Louisiana.
A cartridge means an object that adds different functions or content to an electronic device , or that refills something the device needs .
Hurricane Epsilon was a Category 1 hurricane that lasted a long time in the central Atlantic Ocean during late November and early December.
The Football League Cup is a national football competition between all league clubs in England.
The Football Association  is the organization that controls English football.
Tropical Storm Alpha was the twenty-third tropical or subtropical storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season.
A büchner funnel is a piece of laboratory equipment which is used to filter or separate a liquid from a solid.
Hurricane Alicia was the first named storm and first hurricane of the 1983 Atlantic hurricane season.
Giza pyramid complex  is located on the Giza Plateau near the city of Cairo, Egypt.
The Hanging Gardens of Babylon  and the walls of Babylon  are one of the Seven Wonders of the World.
The Statue of Zeus at Olympia was one of the Seven Wonders of the World.
The Temple of Artemis , also known as Temple of Diana, was a temple dedicated to Artemis.
A Büchner flask  is a flask made of glass.
The Tomb of Maussollos, Mausoleum of Maussollos, or Mausoleum of Halicarnassus , was a tomb built between 353 and 350 BC.
The Colossus of Rhodes was a huge statue of the Greek god Helios.
The Pharos of Alexandria  was a tall tower built in the 3rd century BC .
Telesto is a tiny moon of Saturn.
Calypso is a small moon of Saturn.
Pallene is a small moon of Saturn.
Methone is a small moon of Saturn.
Dione is a large moon of Saturn.
Helene is a moon of Saturn.
Polydeuces is a small moon of Saturn.
A boyfriend is a male partner in a romantic relationship which is not a marriage .
An aspirator is a device that makes vacuum, due to the Venturi effect.
The Venturi effect is a case where fluid flows through a tube that narrows.
Santa Fe is the capital city of the province of Santa Fe in Argentina.
Argentina is almost 3,700 km long from north to south, and 1,400 km from east to west .
This article is about a list of retired Atlantic hurricane names.
The Asturian language is the native language of Asturias.
Classical or Greco-Roman mythology usually means the mythology, and the related polytheistic rituals and practices, of Classical Antiquity.
Jun Kazama is a video game character in the game "Tekken".
Allen Klein  is an American businessman, of Hungarian and Jewish descent.
A thunderstrorm is a type of weather system that includes electrical charges or lightning in a storm or hurricane.
Mark David Chapman is an American, best known as the murderer of musician John Lennon.
Diana, Princess of Wales was one of the most famous women in the world.
Dylan Mark Postl  is an American midget wrestler.
An ink cartridge is a small container that contains ink.
Tezpur is a town in Assam, India.
"D.Gray-man"  is a manga series by Katsura Hoshino.
Kyoto Station  is the most important transportation center in Kyoto, Japan.
Stefan Kießling  is a German footballer.
A bacteria bed is a layer of sand which is used to clean air or water from bacteria and other microorganisms.
A filter is a device used to remove unwanted parts from something.
Guwahati is the largest city in the north eastern region of India.
Henry Clay, Sr.
Daniel Webster  was a United States politician.
"The Catcher in the Rye" is a novel by author J.
Evan Lysacek  is an American figure skater.
Richard Childress Racing is a NASCAR racing team that is owned by Mr.
Walden Robert Cassotto , better known as Bobby Darin, was an American pop singer, most famous during the 1950s.
Alexandra Pauline "Sasha" Cohen  is an American figure skater.
In Christian theology, justification is God's act of pardoning someone's sins, because of their belief in Christ.
Jury nullification means "cancelling by jury".
Tropical Storm Gamma was the twenty-fourth named storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season.
Jason Alexander  is a television, cinema and musical theatre actor, famous for his role as "George Costanza" on the hit television series "Seinfeld".
Khandi Alexander  is an American dancer, choreographer, and movie and television actress.
Kirsten Caroline Dunst  is an American actress, famous for her roles in "Interview with the Vampire", "The Virgin Suicides", "Marie Antoinette", and "Bring It On", as well as Mary Jane Watson in the "Spider-Man" film series.
Mary Tyler Moore  is an Academy Award-nominated American actress and comedian, famous for "The Mary Tyler Moore Show" , where she played the role of "Mary Richards", a single woman who worked as a news producer at WJM-TV in Minneapolis, and for her role as "Laura Petrie", wife of television comedy writer "Rob Petrie"  on "The Dick Van Dyke Show" .
Pamela Denise Anderson  is a Canadian-born actress, sex symbol, glamour model, producer, TV personality, and author.
Sandra Annette Bullock  is an American movie actress.
Miami Ink is a television show on TLC about tattoos.
Edmontonia was a very protected dinosaur, of the nodosaur family from the Late Cretaceous Period.
Adaminaby  is a town in southeast New South Wales, Australia.
Tropical Storm Delta was a late-forming tropical storm which affected the Canary Islands and Morocco as a strong extratropical storm.
High and Mighty Color  is a Japanese rock band signed to Sony Music Entertainment Japan.
The Fall of Man  is the story in the book of Genesis in the Torah  of when Adam and Eve, in God's eyes, lost their innocence.
The Colorado River is a river in the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico.
Cola is carbonated drink made from the kola nut.
Saul Hudson or Slash  is a guitarist.
Hurricane Beta was the twenty-third named storm, fourteenth hurricane, and seventh major hurricane of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season.
Billie Joe Armstrong is the lead singer and guitarist for the punk rock band Green Day.
The Importance Of Being Earnest is a play by Oscar Wilde.
Fault is where something goes wrong and it is one's responsibility.
Puerto Cabezas is a city in Nicaragua.
Tegucigalpa is the biggest and capital city of Honduras.
The Zappanale is a music festival held every year in honour of the musician and composer Frank Zappa.
Burlington Airpark  is a two runway airport located in Burlington, Ontario.
Pratibha Patil  is the 13th and is now India's president.
A lily is a type of flowering plant.
Tropical Storm Zeta was the twenty-eighth and last storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season.
Daniel Grayling "Dan" Fogelberg  was an American singer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist, whose music was inspired by sources as diverse as folk, pop, classical, jazz, and bluegrass music.
Lettuce is a vegetable that is very healthy to eat.
"Hadrosaurus"  was a dubious genus of hadrosaurid dinosaur from the Cretaceous period.
El Niño in meteorology is a temperature change that happens every few years over the Pacific Ocean.
William Alan Shatner  is a Canadian actor who gained fame for playing "James Tiberius Kirk" of the "USS Enterprise" in the television show "Star Trek" from 1966 to 1969 and in seven of more movies.
Martha Maria Yeardley Smith  is an Emmy Award-winning American actress and voice actor who is well known for giving the voice of Lisa Simpson on the animated television series "The Simpsons".
Denise Lee Richards  is an American actress and former fashion model.
Ashley Judd  is an American actress.
Barbara Stanwyck  was an American actress of film, stage, and television.
Brooke Christa Camille Shields  is an American actress and supermodel.
The Fujita scale, is a scale used for rating tornado strength, based on the damage tornadoes cause on human-built buildings and vegetation.
Canton Ticino or Ticino  is the southernmost canton of Switzerland.
The Ticino river is a river that originates in the Alps, near Nufenen.
The Po  is a river that flows 652 kilometers  eastward across northern Italy, from Monviso  to the Adriatic Sea near Venice.
Cristiano Ronaldo dos Santos Aveiro , , better known as Cristiano Ronaldo, is a Portuguese footballer.
Oaxaca is the name of one of the States in Mexico.
The Basic Law of the Federal Republic of Germany is the name of Germany's constitution.
Oaxaca de Juárez is the capital city of the Mexican state of Oaxaca.
__NOTOC__ .
Pope John Paul II was born in Wadowice, Poland on May 18, 1920 as Karol Józef Wojtyła and died on April 2, 2005.
Jimi Hendrix, born James Marshall Hendrix,  was an American guitarist.
Saturn is the sixth planet from the Sun.
Armadillos are small placental mammals, known for having a bony armor shell.
Niacin is a vitamin.
An Octagon is a shape.
Super Concrete Mixer is a small, 10-paged book for children.
Registration is a method of officially recording something.
Eschweiler is a German town in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Tropical Storm Arlene was the first named storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season.
Sirenia is a order of herbivorous mammals.
The Keihan Main Line  is a railway line of Keihan Electric Railway.
Sanjō Station  is the main Keihan Electric Railway station in Kyoto.
William Anthony "Tony" Parker  is a French basketball player who is married to Eva Longoria.
Kawaramachi Station  is the terminal station of the Hankyu Kyoto Line of Hankyu Railway in Kyoto, Japan.
"Girlfriend" is a song by Avril Lavigne.
"M×0"  is a Japanese comedy manga series by Japanese author Yasuhiro Kanō .
Chip Douglas  is an American musician and songwriter.
Sir Henry Wood  was an English conductor.
In Christianity Divine Grace means a favour of God for humankind.
In computer networks, a proxy server is a server which clients use to access other computers.
In net jargon  a client is a computer used by a user to connect to a network and make requests to servers.
Caching is a term used in Computer science.
The Open Directory Project , also known as dmoz, is an online directory that lists valued web sites based on their subject.
A Web directory is a website.
File sharing is the practice of making files available for other users to download over the Internet and smaller networks.
Ammonium sulfide, also know as the "stink bomb" is made up of a solution of ammonium sulfide in water, sealed inside a glass ampoule .
Metre per second is an SI unit of measurement of both speed and velocity.
Hydroxide in chemistry is a name given to the diatomic anion OH−, made up of oxygen and hydrogen atoms.
Cyclone in meteorology refers to any low pressure area with winds spiraling inwards.
The eye is an area of calm weather located in the center of strong tropical cyclones.
Glasgow Coma Scale or GCS is an scale which is used to measure the consciousness of a person.
Habsburg was a family of dukes, kings, and monarchs.
Rhodesia was a colony of the United Kingdom.
Westminster is a part of London, in the United Kingdom.
Ostara is one of the eight festivals held by Wiccans every year.
Megalosaurus was a genus of large meat-eating theropod dinosaur of the Middle Jurassic Period of Europe.
The Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland is the highest legislative body in the United Kingdom and British overseas territories.
Silicon dioxide, also known as silica, is a chemical compound, the oxide of silicon.
Metallic hydrogen is an alkali metal made from hydrogen gas.
Giovanni Domenico Cassini, also known as Jean-Dominique Cassini,  was an Italian-French astronomer, engineer and astrologer.
Christiaan Huygens  was a Dutch physicist, mathematician and astronomer, born in The Hague.
Hyperion is a moon of Saturn, discovered on September 16, 1848 by William Cranch Bond, George Phillips Bond and William Lassell.
Iapetus is a large moon of Saturn.
Nadezhda Yakovlevna Mandelstam was born Nadezhda Yakovlevna Hazin in Saratov on 31 October, 1899 and died on 29 December, 1980) was a Russian writer and the wife of poet Osip Mandelstam.
Andrew Carnegie  was a Scottish businessman.
The Bundesrat is part of the parliament of Germany.
A minister-president  is the head of government in a number of European countries or subnational governments, who presides over the council of ministers.
Edward Gene "Ed" Rendell  is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party.
Jacques de Morgan  was a French civil engineer, geologist and archaeologist.
Struthiomimus was a long-legged, ostrich-like dinosaur of the ornithomimidae family, which lived in the area that is now Alberta, Canada, during the late Cretaceous period, approximately 75 millon years ago.
The prehistory of Armenia means the first people in the land of Armenia.
The Royal Albert Hall of Arts and Sciences, usually just called the Royal Albert Hall, is a very big building in the City of Westminster, London, England.
A home run is a word in baseball for when the batter hits the ball and touches all the bases without an error being made by the team on defense.
In history a city-state was a city which was also a small independent country.
Styracosaurus was a genus of herbivorus ceratopsian dinosaur from Cretaceous period, is about 76.5 to 75 million years ago.
School colors are the colors representing the school of which one goes to.
The Hebrew Calendar is the calendar used in Judaism.
Moldavia  is a region in South-Eastern Europe.
The Smothers Brothers are an American folk music comedy duo, made up of real-life brothers Tom  and Dick Smothers.
Lorenzo "Jerry" Music was an American voice actor.
  was a Swedish stage and film director.
Baryonyx was a carnivorous dinosaur discovered in clay pits just south of Dorking, England, and northern Spain.
Any of the following universities or university systems .
Colorado State University is a public land grant university located in Fort Collins, Colorado in the United States.
Heat capacity is a measure of how much something can store up heat as it changes temperature.
Pope John I  was the leader, pope of the early Christian community.
A Choreographer is a person who makes dances.
Limonite is a mineral, from which trace amounts of iron can be extracted.
Bad Godesberg is a district of the city of Bonn in southern North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
A consulate is a small official office of a country in another.
Diplomatic immunity means that the laws of a host country do not apply to people who work in the embassies and consulates of another country.
"The Illusionist" is an Academy Award-nominated period drama written and directed by Neil Burger and featuring Edward Norton, Jessica Biel, and Paul Giamatti.
The national anthem of Kazakhstan is called "My Kazakhstan".
Flag of convenience is a word from shipping.
Pizza Pizza is a fast food pizza restaurant with locations throughout Ontario, Canada.
Dipole can mean two things in physics.
AFI , is an American alternative rock band from Ukiah, California that formed in 1991.
Scientific notation, also known as standard form, is a notation for writing numbers that is often used by scientists and mathematicians to make it easier to write large and small numbers.
The Socialist Unity Party of Germany   was the governing party of East Germany from 1949, when East Germany was created, until the elections of 1990.
"Buck the World" is the second album by rapper Young Buck.
Samaveda is third in the usual order of the four Vedas, the ancient core Hindu scriptures.
Johannes Rau  was a German politician of the SPD.
Peridot  is the gem quality version of the mineral olivine.
An archivist is a professional who collects, organizes, preserves, maintains control over, and provides access to information determined to have long-term value.
Roman Herzog  is a German politician  and was the President of Germany from 1994 to 1999.
The voltaic pile was the first battery ever.
Vostanik Adoyan,   was an Armenian American painter that had great influence on Abstract Expressionism.
A voltmeter is an instrument used to measure voltage.
Powderfinger is a rock band from Brisbane, Australia.
Schizanthus  is a genus of flowering plants in the nightshade family "Solanaceae".
The word hadith means any report or collection of something the Prophet Muhammed either said or did.
Fengyuan City is located in north-central Taichung County in Taiwan on the south bank of the Dajia River.
Billy Cox is a bassist, best known for playing with guitarist Jimi Hendrix.
One of the places known as Clarksville is in New Zealand .
Clarksville is a small township.
The Animals were an English music group, who were most popular in the 1960s.
An autograph is some writing written only in the handwriting of its author, it is not typing.
Stephen "Stevie" Ray Vaughan  was an American blues guitarist.
Didsbury is a village 5-6 miles south of Manchester city centre.
Burnage is a suburb of the City of Manchester in North West England.
Longsight is an area in the City of Manchester, in North West England.
Levenshulme is an urban area of Manchester, in North West England on the borders of Longsight, Gorton, Burnage and Stockport.
Gorton is a district of the Manchester in England.
Stockport is a large town in Greater Manchester, North West England.
Withington is a district of the city of Manchester, in North West, England.
Fallowfield is an area of the city of Manchester, England.
Harrisonburg is an independent city.
A hereditary monarchy is a type of government where a monarch  becomes the monarch because he or she is related to the last monarch.
The River Mersey is a river in north west England.
Acid rock is a form of rock music, focusing mainly on hallucinations and drugs.
The Fender Stratocaster, also called a Strat, is a type of electric guitar made by Leo Fender and Freddie Tavares in the early 1950s, and are being made still today.
Merseyside is a metropolitan county in North West England, with a population of 1,365,900.
Wirral is a metropolitan borough in Merseyside, North West England, which occupies the northern part of the Wirral Peninsula, more commonly known as Wirral.
Erin Zariah Sanders  is an American actress.
Reproduce is to create or recreate something.
Blues Rock is a type of music which mixes blues with rock and roll, and uses mostly electric guitar as a main instrument.
A metropolitan borough  is a type of local government district in England and covers urban areas within metropolitan counties.
Carly Rae Patterson  used to be an American gymnast .
The Local Government Act 1972 (1972 c.
An Act of Parliament or Act is law enacted by the parliament .
Legislation  is law which has been created by a legislature or other governing body.
A bill is a proposed new law introduced within a legislature that has not been adopted.
Pope  is the name several churches give to their highest spiritual leader.
Webkinz are stuffed animals.
This article comprises lists of Popes of the Catholic Church.</onlyinclude> Pope  in English usually means the head of the Catholic Church.
Towradgi is a small suburb, north of Wollongong.
ACID is a concept used with Databases.
With Databases, a transaction is a point where there is interaction with the database.
 is one of the more northerly cantons of Switzerland.
The Netherlands have in 2009 441 municipalities in twelve provinces.
The modern day Netherlands are divided into twelve provinces .
Flevoland is one of the provinces of the Netherlands.
North Brabant  is a province of the Netherlands, located in the south of the country, bordered by Belgium in the south, the Meuse River  in the north, Limburg in the east and Zeeland in the west.
The Local Government Act 1985 was an Act of Parliament in the United Kingdom.
The Greater London Council  was the local government administrative body for Greater London from 1965 to 1986.
The Greater London Authority  controls the 1579 km² (610 sq.
The Mayor of London is an elected politician in London.
The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum is a museum in Cleveland, Ohio, United States, which has information on the history of some of the best-known and most influential artists, producers, and other people who have in some major way influenced the music industry, mostly in the area of rock music.
McKinley Morganfield , or Muddy Waters, was an American blues musician and is considered "the Father of Chicago blues".
Deal or No Deal is a game show in more than 40 countries on the world created by John de Mol.
Sam "Lightnin'" Hopkins  was a country blues guitar musician, from Houston, Texas.
"The Right Honourable" Lord Mayor of London is the Mayor of the City of London and head of the Corporation of London.
Richard Wayne Penniman , better known as Little Richard, is an African-American singer, songwriter, and pianist, who began playing in the 1940s and recorded his songs from 1951.
The Monterey International Pop Music Festival took place from June 16 to June 18, 1967.
I Have a Dream is the name of a speech given by Martin Luther King, Jr.
The Secret Intelligence Service , commonly known as MI6 , is the United Kingdom's intelligence agency to deal with other countries.
Banksia is a genus of plants common to Australia, they were named after Joseph Banks.
A fairy or færie  is a supposed magical being that flies in the air.
1376 was a leap year starting on Tuesday  of the Julian calendar.
1379 was a common year starting on Saturday  of the Julian calendar.
1385 was a common year starting on Sunday  of the Julian calendar.
1386 was a common year starting on Monday  of the Julian calendar.
London County Council  was the principal local government body for the County of London, during its whole existence , and the first London-wide general municipal authority that was directly elected.
When dealing with money, denomination is the value of the individual currency.
A simulation is a way of seeing a thing happen without it actually taking place in the same way.
Peter, Paul and Mary are a folk music group, most famous during the 1960s.
Jennifer Warnes is an American singer.
Super Friends is an American cartoon television series about a team of superheroes which ran from 1973 to 1986 on ABC as part of its Saturday morning cartoon lineup.
Warrabah is a national park in New South Wales , 371 km north of Sydney.
Shepreth is a small village in South Cambridgeshire on the main line between Cambridge and London.
Blair College is now Everest College a for-profit college in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
74 Galatea  is a large asteroid located between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter.
Ilocos collectively refers to two Provinces in the Philippines: Ilocos Norte and Ilocos Sur.
Bill Medley  is an American singer and songwriter.
An adventure is something exciting that happens to someone.
Brooms are a group of evergreen, semi-evergreen, and deciduous shrubs.
A broom is a cleaning tool.
A broom is a cleaning tool which also had other uses, e.g.
Cleanliness means that there is no dirt, no dust, no stains, no bad smells or clutter.
Washing is one way of cleaning, with water and often some kind of soap or detergent.
The Wash is the square-mouthed estuary on the northwest margin of East Anglia on the east coast of England, "where Norfolk meets Lincolnshire".
The Thar Desert , also known as the Great Indian Desert, is a desert located in western India and southeastern Pakistan.
List of shrubs .
Thyme   is a genus of perennial plants.
The word distribution has several meanings .
Distributed computing is a word from computer science, about using many computers to solve a big problem.
This simple table has two drawbacks.
A British Overseas Territory is one of fourteen territories which the United Kingdom considers to be under its sovereignty, but not as part of the United Kingdom itself.
The word Promenade Concert today usually refers to one of the concerts in the series started by Henry Wood in 1895, known today as the BBC Proms.
Year 1392 was a leap year starting on Monday.
Year 1396 was a leap year starting on Saturday.
Year 1420 was a leap year starting on Monday.
Year 1424 was a leap year starting on Saturday.
Year 1432 was a leap year starting on Tuesday.
The United Kingdom's National Air Traffic Services  is a company set up in 2001 to run air traffic control services.
Fantasy a cruise ship built by Carnival Cruises, which currently sails out of New Orleans to the Caribbean.
Czech Airlines was formed as Czechoslovak State Airlines on 6 October 1923.
The computer engineering education at the Istanbul Technical University has started as a part of the "Control and Computer Engineering Department" in Electrical and Electronics Faculty in 1980.
Arika Yumemiya is a fictional protagonist from the anime "My-Otome".
A protagonist is a main character of a story.
"That's So Raven" is an original Disney television comedy series.
Russian Armenia  is the time of Armenia's history under Russian rule from 1829, when Eastern Armenia became part of the Russian Empire to the start of the Democratic Republic of Armenia in 1918.
Ruben Studdard  is an African-American singer who won season 2 of American Idol.
Monocotyledons are a class of flowering plants , whose embryo  store only one cotyledon.
Hornsby is a suburb and shire located in the northern part of Sydney.
Glen Campbell  is an American musician and singer.
"Symphony No.
Persian Armenia means the Armenian land ruled by Persia in some time.
Iuridictum is an encyclopedia about law in Czech language made with a wiki, which means that anyone can change the encyclopedia or create new articles.
A potential is a likely possibility that something will be able to happen.
Rena Searrs, in the fictional anime My-Otome, was a powerful otome of the king of Windbloom, but she died from a war 14 years ago.
Nina Wang is a fictional character from the anime "My-Otome." Background.
Kidnapping is an illegal act of stealing people.
Gurkhas are Nepali citizens.
Moses of Chorene  is known as the author of the most important mediaeval Armenian history.
The decimal  numeral system has ten as its base.
A numeral system  is a framework where a set of numbers are represented by "numerals" in a consistent manner.
Mashiro Kazahana is a main character in the anime My-HiME.
A chairperson is a person who represents a school - usually a university - or a religion.
NEXTSTEP was a computer operating system made by a company called NeXT.
Darwin is a free, open source operating system made by Apple Inc.
Graduation is the confirmation of the finishing of an academy.
Loyalty is a devotion for someone or something.
iTunes is a media player made by Apple.
AAC is a file format for storing music or other sounds.
WMA is a file format for storing music.
These are the fictional places in the anime "My-Otome." Windbloom.
A regatta is a term used to describe either a boat race, or series of boat races.
A touchscreen or touch screen is a screen that you can touch with your finger or a stylus pen to use, instead of or with a mouse and keyboard.
"My-Hime"  is an anime made by the Sunrise Inc.
The Zodiac is the twelve constellations in the form animals or humans.
As the books advance, more attention is given to the moral progressiveness of the main character, Artemis Fowl II .
Lee Hazlewood  was an American country singer, songwriter, and record producer.
The decimal separator is a symbol used to mark the border between the integral and the fractional parts of a decimal numeral.
The Moving Picture Experts Group, or MPEG for short, is a group of people that figure out ways to put music and video onto computers.
Princess Iman bint Al Hussein  is the daughter of the late King Hussein of Jordan and Queen Noor.
Clannad are a musical group from Gweedore, in County Donegal, which is in the north-west of Ireland.
Nicole Vaidišová is a professional female tennis player.
Home keys .
Tatiana Golovin is a professional female tennis player.
On a QWERTY keyboard, the letters "ASDFGHJKL" and the semicolon  are called the home keys, or sometimes the home row.
Arzashkun  was located north of Lake Van, double walled and with towers.
The Caucasus Mountains is a mountain range in Eurasia.
Hayk , in Armenian legend, was the founder of the Armenian nation.
Mol is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
"Maya" is a 3D computer graphics application.
Gerard Adams  is an Irish Republican politician.
The Northern Ireland Legislative Assembly was set up after the Belfast Agreement to allow the people of Northern Ireland run their own government and pass some laws .
The Northern Ireland Office was set up in 1971.
Saint Cyprian  was bishop of Carthage.
The flag of Cyprus is the flag used to represent, or show, Cyprus.
Simon Barere  was a Russian pianist.
Tomsk  is a Russian city, the administrative center of Tomsk Oblast.
Intelligent Design is the idea that the universe is not simple enough to be made by nature.
Riaz Ahmed Gohar Shahi   was a Pakistani author, spiritual leader and Founder of International Spiritual Movement Anjuman Serfaroshan-e-Islam.
International Spiritual Movement Anjuman Serfroshan-e-Islam   is a Pakistan-based organisation.
The Roman Curia  is usually called "The Curia".
Malam Adamu was the titled head of the Duguri district in present day Bauchi State during the 1950s.
"In God We Trust" is one of the national mottos of the United States.
An Apostolic Nunciature is the embassy of the Holy See in a foreign country.
Software development is the process of creating a computer software.
Gag reflex is a normal reflex in human, that prevents the passage of anything from throat, except during normal swallowing.
A flame is the visible part of a fire.
Kaliningrad , is a seaport and the administrative center of Kaliningrad Oblast, the Russian exclave between Poland and Lithuania on the Baltic Sea.
Roller derby is a sport played on roller skates.
!style="color: #000000; background-color: #C1D8FF; font-size: 120%" align="center" colspan="3" |Sargon Sargon was one of the first people in recorded history to create an empire, or multi-ethnic state.
Judea or Judaea  is a term used for the mountainous southern part of the West Bank.
Incubation period is a term used in medicine.
"The New Yorker" is an American magazine that publishes articles, essays, stories, and cartoons about many topics.
Cataplexy is a medical condition.
Sustainability means that a process or state can be maintained at a certain level indefinitely.
The Brundtland Commission was created by the United Nations in 1983 to reflect about ways to save the human environment and natural resources and prevent deterioration of economic and social development.
Mosleh Zamani  is now 21-year old Iranian-Kurdish boy from Sanandaj, who is facing execution for "adultery" .
Climate change means the variation in the Earth's global climate or in regional climates over time.
  is a Norwegian politician, diplomat, and physician, and an international leader in sustainable development and public health.
Allentown is a city located in Lehigh County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
Mia Rose  is a YouTube artist who sings.
Mir was a space station created by Soviet Union and later by Russia.
The May Queen or Queen of May is a word which has two different but related meanings.
A mutual fund is a kind of investment that uses money from many investors to invest in stocks, bonds or other types of investment.
Modular Audio Recognition Framework  is a computer program that tries to understand voice, sound, speech, text and human language in general.
Fullmetal Alchemist  is a popular manga and Anime series created by Hiromu Arakawa and serialized in Enix's  "Monthly Shonen Gangan".
My Dying Bride is a British doom metal band from West Yorkshire.
Something is modular when it consists of two or more pieces that are easy to replace.
Framework is a term describing established practices in a society, science, software development, or hardware design that can be repeatedly applied to solving problems.
Documentation is something that people read for instructions or information on how to do or use things.
A bobby pin is a clip that goes in one's hair to hold individual strands of hair in place.
Pre-production is the time before making a movie, play, or other performance when all the things that will be needed to make it are prepared.
Flax   is a plant.
In mathematics, a finite set is a set that has a certain number of elements.
The Vikram era, or Vikram samvat is an Indian calendar starting in 57 BC.
In mathematics, the cardinality of a set means the number of its elements.
A mitre is a tall hat worn by bishops.
Boňkov is a small village near Herálec in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
"Utopia" is the name of a book.
The Most Excellent Order of the British Empire is one of the British orders of chivalry.
Slavníč is a small village in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic by Highway D1.
Milan Nakonečný  is Czech psychologist  and historian.
Skorkov is small village near in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
Antonín Klimek  was Czech historian.
Neon Genesis Evangelion  is a influential and popular Japanese anime and manga that began in 1995.
Edward VIII  was King of the United Kingdom from January 20, 1936 until December 11, 1936.
Václav Benda  was Czech right-wing and anticommunist politician.
A county borough was a type of local government district in England until abolished in 1974.
Andie MacDowell  is an American movie actress.
The Goths  were an East Germanic tribe.
Arianism is a form of Christianity.
Ripening is when fruit becomes easier to eat.
HTTP cookies are files of text sent by a server to a web browser.
The Chinese calendar is a lunisolar calendar.
Music for the Royal Fireworks is a group of five pieces for orchestra composed by George Frideric Handel in 1749.
Thora Birch  is an American actress.
Sophia Loren  is a movie and theatre, actress, considered by many to be the most popular Italian actress.
Helen Elizabeth Hunt  is an American actress who has won the Emmy, Golden Globe and Academy Award, and very famous for her role in the television sitcom "Mad About You".
Jane Seymour OBE  is an English actress, maybe most famous today as the co-star of the James Bond movie "Live and Let Die" and star of the TV series and movie "Dr.
Goldie Jeanne Hawn  is an American actress, director and producer.
Meg Ryan  is an American actress who has made many romantic comedies, but has also worked in other film genres like drama and mystery.
Dennis William Quaid  is an American actor.
The British Academy of Film and Television Arts  is a British organisation that gives awards at a special show every year, for film, television, children's film and television, and media.
An essay is a written text.
"Black Beauty" is the name given to a children's book by Anna Sewell.
Matilda is a novel by Roald Dahl.
Leonard Simon Nimoy  is an American actor, film director, poet, musician and photographer.
Hayden Christensen  is a Canadian actor.
Stand-up comedy is a style of comedy where the comedian speaks directly to the audience.
A car wash is a facility used to clean the exterior, and sometimes the interior, of automobiles.
The Universal Forum of Cultures Monterrey 2007 is an international civil-society event that will take place in the city of Monterrey, Mexico.
In biological anatomy, the mesencephalon  is the middle of three vesicles that arise from the neural tube that forms the brain of developing animals.
Dakota Fanning  is an American child actress, most famous for her starring role in the movie "Dreamer".
The rhombencephalon  is a name for parts of the central nervous system in vertebrates.
Spanish Broom ("Spartium junceum", syn.
"Salvia" is a genus in the mint family, Lamiaceae.
Common sage  is a small evergreen subshrub, with woody stems, grayish leaves, and blue to purplish flowers that grows in southern Europe and the Mediterranean region.
This is a list of species in the genus "Salvia".
A subshrub  is a woody perennial plant.
"Vinca"  is a genus of five species in the family Apocynaceae, that grows in Europe, northwest Africa and southwest Asia.
The Shikoku is a Japanese breed of dog.
Edward "Eddie" Regan Murphy  is an American actor and comedian who has won the Golden Globe Award in 2006 and was nominated to the Academy Award in 2001.
Jennifer Lynn Connelly  is an American film actress.
Judy Garland  was an American film actress and singer, very famous for her role as "Dorothy Gale" in "The Wizard of Oz" .
Liza May Minnelli  is an American actress and singer, who has won the Oscar and the Tony Award, and also many others.
The 2007 Atlantic hurricane season is the period of tropical cyclones that happened in the year 2007.
Yul Brynner  was a Broadway and Hollywood actor.
Robert Redford (born Charles Robert Redford, Jr.
"Salvia pratensis"  is a perennial sage in the family Lamiaceae, that grows in Europe, western Asia and northern Africa.
Raymond William Stacey Burr  was a Canadian actor and vintner, famous for his roles in the television dramas "Perry Mason", for which he was awarded two Emmys, and "Ironside".
Michelle Marie Pfeiffer  is an American actress, famous in all the world, and who has been nominated for the Oscar three times.
A stem is one of two main structural axes of a vascular plant.
NNDB, standing for Notable Names Database, produced by Soylent Communications, is an online database of biographical information of notable people.
The vascular plants, tracheophytes or higher plants are plants in the kingdom Plantae that have specialized tissues for conducting water, minerals, and photosynthetic products through the plant.
The Treaty on the Final Settlement with Respect to Germany  is sometimes called the 2 + 4 Treaty.
Non-vascular plants is a general term for those plants without a vascular system .
Vascular tissue is a complex tissue found in vascular plants.
In vascular plants, phloem is the living tissue made up of small tubes which carry watery sap containing sugar and other organic nutrients to all parts of the plant where the nutrients are used for growth, or stored until needed.
Walter Matthau  was an American comedy actor, most famous for his role as "Oscar Madison" in "The Odd Couple" and his many collaborations with fellow "Odd Couple" star Jack Lemmon.
Susan Sarandon  is an American actress.
Timothy Francis Robbins  is an American actor, screenwriter, director, producer, activist and amateur musician.
Tigran Chukhajian was a famous Armenian composer and the founder of the first opera institution in the Ottoman Empire.
Jamie Lee Curtis  is an American movie actress and a writer of books for children.
People's Republic  is a name for a communist, usually Marxist-Leninist country.
Michael J.
Gastroenteritis, more commonly known as the stomach flu is a type of flu which causes nausea, vomiting, and sometimes soreness of throat and fatigue.
Hurt is a song sung by Christina Aguilera, from her 2006 album "Back to Basics".
Christopher D'Olier Reeve was an American actor, director, producer and writer.
A movie producer creates the conditions for making movies.
Television pilot, usually called just a "pilot", is a test episode made to sell a television series.
James Montgomery Doohan  was a Canadian actor famous for his role as "Montgomery "Scotty" Scott" in the television and movie series "Star Trek".
The Javanese language is a Austronesian language.
Michael Kirk Douglas  is an American actor and producer, specially on movies and television, who came to fame as "Insp.
Kirk Douglas  is an American actor and film producer who has acted in many of Hollywood's greatest movies of all time, like "Spartacus".
James Maitland Stewart  was one of the most famous American movie and stage actors of all times.
James Francis Cagney, Jr.
Spencer Tracy  was an American film and stage actor who appeared in 74 films from 1930 to 1967.
Gary Cooper  was an American film actor.
James Edward Keeler  was an American astronomer.
Cassini–Huygens is a robotic spacecraft mission made together by NASA/ESA/ASI, that is now studying the planet Saturn and its moons.
A fern is any one of a group of about 20,000 species of plants classified in the or division Pteridophyta, also known as Filicophyta.
Horror movies are movies in which strange and frightening things happen.
Laurence Fishburne III  is an American actor of movies and theater, playwright, director, and producer.
Martin Sheen  is an American actor.
Marlene Dietrich;  was a German actress, singer, and entertainer.
Northern Kurdistan, or Turkish Kurdistan, is a part of Turkey in the Middle East.
Mount Etna is an active volcano on the east coast of Sicily, southern Italy.
Western Kurdistan, or Syrian Kurdistan, is a part of divided Kurdistan in the Middle East.
Eastern Kurdistan or Iranian Kurdistan is the unofficial name for the parts of Iran inhabited by Kurds.
John George Terry is an English professional football player.
"Umbrella" is a R&B song performed by Rihanna and features Jay-Z from Rihanna's album "Good Girl Gone Bad".
Shirley MacLaine  is an American movie and theatre actress, famous not only for her acting, but for her strong belief in reincarnation.
A British crown dependency is a special type of state.
The Lieutenancies Act 1997 (1997 c.
A meristem is a tissue in all plants that consists of meristematic cells.
The vascular cambium is a lateral meristem.
Cork cambium is a tissue in many vascular plants as part of the bark .
Cork is a material that is harvested for commercial use primarily from the bark of the Cork Oak tree.
The Cork Oak  is a medium-sized, evergreen oak tree in the section "Quercus" sect.
The acorn is the fruit of the oak tree.
Beginning in 1994, the President is the leader of the country of Belarus.
The jays are several species of medium-sized, usually colorful and noisy birds in the crow family Corvidae.
Lycopodiopsida is a class of plants often loosely grouped as the fern allies, and includes the clubmosses.
"Equisetum" , is a genus of vascular plants that reproduce by spores and not by seeds.
Green algae are microscopic protists.
Brackish water  is salt and fresh water mixed together.
Flagellates are cells with one or more whip-like organelles called flagella.
Sustainable energy involves both energy efficiency and renewable energy.
Neoprene is the DuPont Performance Elastomers trade name for a family of synthetic rubbers based on polychloroprene .
Pioneer 11  was the second mission to visit Jupiter and the first mission to visit Saturn.
Medical Tourism is the name given to a new health care industry.
The Burrowing Parakeet  is a species of parrot in the Psittacidae family.
An aquifer is an underground layer where the material contains water.
Voyager 2 is a spacecraft used by NASA to explore Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune.
World Party Day  is celebrated on April 3 as a synchronized global mass celebration of a better world and the creation of desirable reality.
Tony Curtis  is an American film actor.
John Uhler "Jack" Lemmon III , was a famous American actor and director who received many awards in his long career.
Errol Leslie Thomson Flynn  was an American movie actor, born in Australia, very famous for his romantic hero roles in Hollywood movies like "Captain Blood" , "The Adventures of Robin Hood" , and "Adventures of Don Juan" .
David Niven  was an English actor.
Rudolph Valentino  was an Italian actor of silent movies.
Jo Raquel Tejada , usually called by her artistic name Raquel Welch, is an American actress and model who became famous during the 1960s as one of the most beautiful women in Hollywood.
Margarita Carmen Cansino, usually called as Rita Hayworth , was an American actress of Spanish and Irish origin who became famous during the 1940s as the greatest sex symbol of those years.
Tommy Lee Jones  is an American actor and director.
James Garner  is an American movie and television actor.
Anthony Quinn  was a Mexican-American actor, as well as a painter and writer.
Rock Hudson  was a popular American film and television actor, famous for his good looks and remembered as a romantic star during the 1950s and 1960s, specially several movies where he appeared with actress Doris Day.
Olivia Mary de Havilland  is an English actress and is the only living star of "Gone with the Wind", but there are also actors with smaller roles in said movie who are still alive.
Woody Allen  is an American film director, writer, actor, jazz musician, comedian, and playwright, who has won the Academy Award three times, as well as many others in his very long career.
Saint Maximus the Confessor   was a Christian monk, theologian, and scholar.
The Toraja are an ethnic group, indigenous to a part of South Sulawesi, Indonesia.
Backmasking  is a recording technique.
Separation of Powers means that the three branches of government are separated.
The Exclusionary rule is a rule in United States constitutional law.
Chitin is a semitransparent material that is the main component of the exoskeletons of arthropods, such as crustaceans (e.g.
The radula is the toothed chitinous ribbon in the mouth of most mollusks, that can be compared with the tongue of human beings.
An exoskeleton supports and protects an animal's body from outside and not like the internal endoskeleton of - for example human beings - from inside.
High Force is one of Britain's great waterfalls.
Adetokunbo Adegboyega Ademola KBE was a Nigerian judge and former Chief Justice of Nigeria .
An endoskeleton is a structure that holds an animal from inside.
In professional wrestling, something that is "kayfabe" is not real, something that is "acted out" and not happening in real life.
Walter Bruce Willis  is an German-American actor and singer.
A "zoospore" is an asexual spore that uses a flagellum for moving around.
A gamete is a specialized sex cell that fuses with another gamete during fertilization  in organisms that reproduce sexually.
The term morphology in biology means the outward appearance  of an organism or taxon and its parts.
A taxon , or taxonomic unit, is a name that means an organism or group of organisms.
In biological taxonomy, a domain  is a taxon in the highest rank of organisms, higher than a kingdom.
Keratins are a family of fibrous structural proteins.
Fibrous proteins, also called scleroproteins, are long filamentous protein molecules Fibrous proteins are only found in animals.
In biology, a filament is a long chain of proteins, such as those found in hair, muscle, or in flagella.
is the Japanese traditional custom of enjoying the beauty of flowers, especially cherry blossoms .
Originally, a landmark literally meant an important, or particular geographic point,  used by explorers and others to find their way back or through an area.
A neighbourhood or neighborhood is a geographically located community, within a larger city, town or suburb.
A lantern is a device that can be moved from one place to another, used to create light and to illuminate open areas.
Sakura or Cherry Blossom  is the Japanese name for decorative cherry trees, "Prunus serrulata", and their blossoms.
"For other uses see "Filament"." Filamentation is the anomalous  growth of certain bacteria, such as "E.
Fungi produce septa to partition filamentous hyphae into discrete cells.
The National Youth Orchestra of Great Britain  is an orchestra for young musicians in the United Kingdom.
The Maple Leaf flag became Canada's flag on 15 February 1965.
The Wee Free Men is the 30th in the Discworld book series by Terry Pratchett.
The Vandals were an East Germanic tribe.
The Most Ancient and Most Noble Order of the Thistle is an order of chivalry associated with Scotland.
The nasal septum separates the left and right airways in the nose and divids the two nostrils.
A nostril (or naris, pl.
The ethmoid bone  is a bone in the skull that separates the nasal cavity from the brain.
The Bundesverdienstkreuz  is officially called the "Verdienstorden der Bundesrepublik Deutschland" .
The Austin Lightning is an amateur soccer team in Austin, Texas.
The BBC Symphony Orchestra is the main orchestra of the British Broadcasting Corporation.
Jiří Bělohlávek  is a Czech conductor.
Arturo Toscanini  was an Italian conductor.
Philip Kindred Dick  was an American writer.
The Jet Propulsion Laboratory  is a NASA research center located in Pasadena, California.
Renewable energy commercialization involves many different technologies, including solar photovoltaics, solar thermal power plants, solar heating and cooling systems, wind power, hydroelectricity, geothermal power, biomass, and ocean energy systems.
Mapudungun is an isolate language spoken by Mapuche ethnic groups, in Chile and Argentina.
Russian language .
Something that has impurity is not pure.
The Queen's Hall was a concert hall in Central London, England.
Avesta is the holy book of Zoroastrianism.
Darius the Great (c.
Pasargadae was a city in ancient Persia, and is today a historical site in Fars,Iran.
The American Staffordshire Terrier is a breed of dog.
Persepolis  was an ancient capital of the second Iranian dynasty, the Achaemenid Empire.
Xerxes the Great was a Shah of Iran  of Achaemenid dynasty.
A shell is a hard outer layer, which has evolved in a very wide variety of different animals, including molluscs, sea urchins, crustaceans, turtles and tortoises, armadillos, etc.
A tortoise or land turtle is a reptile of the order Testudines that lives on land.
Sea turtles  are turtles found in all the world's oceans except the Arctic Ocean, and some species travel between oceans.
The Report of 1800 was a resolution drafted by James Madison.
Baikal is a village in Russia, Irkutsk oblast, Sliudanskyy region.
A rudder is used to steer ships, boats, submarines, aircraft, hovercraft or other conveniences that move through air or water.
The Exploration of Neptune started on August 25, 1989, when "Voyager 2" became the first and so-far only spacecraft to visit the planet.
Kinder Scout is a plateau about 600 metres above sea level.
The stern is the rear part of a ship or boat.
The stern is the rear part of a ship or boat.
Urbain Le Verrier  was a French mathematician who was famous for co-discovering the planet, Neptune.
John Gavin Malkovich  American actor, producer and director.
Glenn Close  is an American movie and stage actress.
Blaqk Audio is an electronic band, made by Davey Havok and Jade Puget of AFI.
Hugh John Mungo Grant  is an English actor.
James Langston Edmund Caan  is an American American movie, stage and television actor.
James Harrison Coburn  was an American actor.
4 Vesta  is the second most massive asteroid in the solar system, with an average diameter of about 530 km  and an estimated mass 9% the mass of the entire asteroid belt.
The animal liberation movement or animal rights movement , is the movement of activists, academics, lawyers, campaigns, and organized groups who oppose the use of non-human animals in research, as food, as clothing, or as entertainment.
A sex symbol is a famous and/or notable person, male or female, who is found sexually attractive by a lot of people.
Cereal is usually refers to a type of grass that is grown to be eaten.
In a species that reproduces sexually, sexual attraction is an attraction to other members of the same species for sexual or erotic activity.
Cheerios is a popular brand of cereal.
A rehearsal is a practice before a concert or play in a theatre or some other performance.
The London Symphony Orchestra  is one of the most famous orchestras of the world.
An obtuse angle is a form of angle that measures wider than 90° and less than 180°.
The London Philharmonic Orchestra  is one of the major orchestras of the United Kingdom.
Vladimir Jurowski  is a Russian conductor.
Surrealism is a cultural movement that began in the mid-1920s.
Wilhelmus Simon Petrus  Fortuyn  was a Dutch politician.
Cyrus the Great (c.
Rafał Wiechecki  is a Polish politician.
Čajev is small village near Humpolec in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
Satsuma / sat-soo-muh/.n.
A relief is a sculptured artwork where the form is modeled out from a flat background.
A relief is a sculptured artwork where a modeled form projects out from a flat background.
In architecture the frieze is the wide central section of an entablature and may be plain or— in the Ionic or Corinthian order — decorated with bas-reliefs.
An entablature  is a major element of classical architecture, the superstructure of moldings and bands which lies horizontally above the columns, resting on their capitals.
Flickr is a photo sharing website and web services suite.
Norton AntiVirus  is a popular product of Symantec Corporation.
Haemophilia is a blood condition that means bleeding does not stop.
Otis R.
Guacamole  is a Mexican dip made of avocados, salt and tomatoes.
Gordan Nikolitch  is a Serbian violinist.
Literal translation is the translation of text from one language to another "word-for-word", rather than giving the sense of the original.
Machine translation, sometimes referred to by the acronym MT, is part of computational linguistics.
__NOTOC__ .
Interlinear text is text on several lines where additional lines give explanations of the main text.
Transcription is the conversion of a text another medium.
The Sumgait pogrom was a pogrom by Azeris that targeted the Armenian population living in the Azerbaijani seaside town of Sumgait on February 1988.
__NOTOC__ .
__NOTOC__ .
__NOTOC__ .
__NOTOC__ .
__NOTOC__ .
is the Japanese tradition of visiting areas where leaves have turned red in the autumn.
The term bloom mostly means one or more flowers on a flowering plant.
Calm is an adjective meaning peaceful, quiet; particularly used of the weather, free from wind or storm, or of the sea, opposed to rough.
is a Japanese castle located in Himeji in Hyōgo Prefecture and which includes 83 buildings made of wood.
The Tang Dynasty   was an imperial dynasty of China that came after the Sui Dynasty and was followed by the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period.
Divination  is an attempt to get information through omens or supernatural things.
Emperor Saga   was the 52nd Emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
Kriss Donald  was a Scottish boy who was killed by 5 British Muslims.
Imperial Court in Kyoto was the government of Japan from 794 AD until the Meiji Era, in which the court was moved to Tokyo.
Úhořilka is small village in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
, "pictures of the floating world", is a genre of Japanese paintings produced between the 17th and the 20th centuries, that showed landscapes, the theatre and scenes of every day entertainment.
Utagawa Hiroshige,  was a Japanese ukiyo-e artist, and one of the last great artists in that tradition.
Forecasting is studying and telling the result of situations that will happen in the future, and which have an unknown result.
The or JMA, is the Japanese government's weather service.
Ariwara no Narihira  was a Japanese poet and noble.
Yoshino  is a town found in Yoshino District, Nara Prefecture, Japan.
Daigo  is a town located in Kuji District, Ibaraki, Japan.
is a big public park located in the Ueno section of Taito-ku, Tokyo, Japan.
Mansa Musa was a 14th century Mansa .
Macon is a city located in central Georgia, USA.
is a classic work of Japanese literature believed to have been written by the Japanese noblewoman Murasaki Shikibu at the beginning of the 11th century, around the highest point of the Heian Period.
Tokugawa Yoshimune  was a shogun of Japan.
 was a military leader of Japan.
was a Japanese author of the Shōwa period.
Dumplings may be any of a wide variety of dishes, both sweet and salty, in several different cuisines.
Hiram King Williams , better known as Hank Williams , was an American musician and songwriter.
The Sui Dynasty  was an imperial dynasty of China.
is a meal common in Japanese cuisine, made to take away from home to be eaten somewhere else.
A clown is a kind of entertainer, or performance artist, who performs physical comedy and stunts to amuse others.
is a Japanese dumpling made from "mochiko" .
A music stand is something musicians can use to put sheet music on when they are performing.
Cumulative voting is a system for doing an election.
Proportional representation is an idea from elections.
William  Robinson  is an American singer and songwriter.
Sir Andrew Davis  is a British conductor.
is a mode of Japanese poetry, and is in fact a modification made in the late 19th century by Masaoka Shiki of the older form.
Gennady Rozhdestvensky  is a Russian conductor.
Waka  or Yamato uta is a genre of Japanese poetry.
Amiri Baraka  is an American writer.
Jorge Luis Borges  was an Argentine writer.
 was a Japanese poet.
was the pen-name of a Japanese author, poet, literary critic, and journalist in Meiji period of Japan.
William J.
Wind power in Texas consists of many wind farms with a total installed capacity of 5,604 megawatts  from over 40 different projects.
Yu Suzuki is a famous Japanese game designer.
The Isra and Mi'raj are two parts of a story that Muslims tell about Muhammad.
Fustat was the first Arab capital in Egypt.
A Vizier is an Arabic word for a kind of government official.
Randall Hank Williams  is an American musician and songwriter.
Utagawa Kunisada   was the most popular artist of ukiyo-e in 19th-century Japan.
Tsukioka Yoshitoshi   was a Japanese artist.
is a landmark in the city of Odawara in Kanagawa Prefecture.
Ab urbe condita is a way to measure time.
The mesosphere is a part of the atmosphere.
A magnetosphere is the region around an astronomical object, like a planet.
Theodorus "Dorus" Rijkers  was a famous Dutch lifeboat captain and folk hero, he is most famous for his sea rescues of 487 shipwrecked victims over a total of 38 rescue operations and at least 25 before joining the lifeboat-service.
A Queen Consort is the wife of a King.
Prince of Wales is a title usually held by the eldest son of the King or Queen of the United Kingdom.
is the Japanese traditional custom of enjoying the beauty of flowers, especially cherry blossoms .
or are traditional female Japanese entertainers.
"Kamikaze"  is a word of Japanese origin.
The Cuban Missile Crisis was a period of tension between the Soviet Union and the United States, using Cuba as a battleground.
LSD is the shorter name for a drug called Lysergic acid diethylamide.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology  is a private university, located in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
"The Colbert Report" is a television talk show starring Stephen Colbert.
Cid  Corman  was an American poet well known for editing the magazine "Origin".
Lenard Duane Moore  is an American writer.
Octavio Paz Lozano  was a Mexican writer, poet, and diplomat.
Raymond Roseliep  was a poet.
Kenneth Rexroth  was an American writer.
Sonia Sanchez is an African-American poet.
Gary Snyder  is an American writer.
is a pseudonym of Japanese conceptual artist .
Aries is the astrological Zodiac sign that represents the constellation Aries.
Taurus is an astrological sign, which is with the constellation of the same name.
Christy Nicole Turlington  is an American supermodel.
Premier is sometimes used instead of Prime Minister.
Hispanidad  is the community formed by all the people and nations that share Spanish language and culture.
Aviation refers to flying using an aircraft, like an airplane.
Cyberpunk is a kind of literature.
Igbo is a language spoken in Nigeria.
Wind shear is a difference in wind speed and/or direction over a fairly short distance in the atmosphere.
Polar cyclones  are large areas of low pressure.
or are traditional female Japanese entertainers.
A weather front is a boundary between two masses of air of different densities, and are the main cause of major weather events.
Thomas Midgley , was an American inventor.
Hovhannes Shiraz   was a notable Armenian poet.
A polar low is a small sized and short-lived atmospheric low pressure system that is found over the ocean areas pole ward of the main polar front in both the Northern and Southern Hemispheres.
Pericles or Perikles (ca.
Wind speed is a term that is used when one talks about the movement of air from one place to the next.
Thebes is a city in Greece.
The Minoan civilisation was a civilisation on Crete.
The Mycenean civilisation is a period of Ancient Greece.
An alliance is an agreement between two or more parties.
The Persian Empire  is the name for a few empires, that ruled over modern-day Iran.
Epic poetry is a form of poetry.
Kousuke Atari  is a Japanese singer and Shimauta utasha.
"The Apostles", op.
"“Knots” redirects here.
The Royal Philharmonic Orchestra  is a British orchestra based in London.
Sir Adrian Cedric Boult CH  was an English conductor.
Franz Lehár  was an Austrian composer of Hungarian descent.
The planet Neptune has a dim planetary ring system which is made up of several separate rings and some "ring arcs".
Igor Mikhailovich Diakonov , Petrograd – May 2, 1999, St Petersburg) was a Russian historian, linguist, and translator who should be ranked among the greatest authorities on Ancient Near East and its languages.
Baudouin I   was the King of the Belgians from 1951 to 1993.
Core generally is the heart or inner part of a thing, as of a column, wall, rope, of a boil, etc.; especially, the central part of fruit, containing the kernels or seeds; as, the core of an apple or quince.
A mesocyclone is a vortex of air, about 2 to 10 km in diameter , inside a convective storm.
Determinism is the idea that every action is a definite reaction to a previous event.
Florida International University  is a public research university in Miami, Florida in the United States.
A sash is of a cloth belt used to hold a robe together, and usually tied about the waist.
Willows are a family of trees and shrubs which have many differences in size and type of growth, but are very much alike in other respects.
Elegance is the attribute of being unusually effective and simple.
A courtesan was a high-class prostitute or mistress, especially one associated with rich, powerful, or noble men who gifted luxuries and status in exchange for her services.
A jester, joker, fool, bollocks, or buffoon, is a type of entertainer mostly  associated with the Middle Ages.
Etiquette, one aspect of decorum, is a code that rules how everyone is expected to behave, according to the social conventions and norms, in society, in a social class, or group.
For humans, haircut, hairstyle, or hairdo normally describe cutting or styling head hair.
Generally, patronage is the support, encouragement, privilege and often financial aid given by a person or an organization.
Reputation is the opinion of the public towards a person, a group of people, or an organization.
Lagunaria is a garden plant famous for its colour.
Warwick Estevam Kerr  was a Brazilian engineer, geneticist, entomologist, and professor.
The Indian national calendar  is the official civil calendar in India.
Cranes are large, long-legged and long-necked birds of the order Gruiformes, and family Gruidae.
Estimation is the calculated approximation of a result which is usable even if information one has may be incomplete, uncertain, or noisy.
A fee is the price one gives as payment for services, especially the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant or member of a learned profession.
A maidservant or in current use maid is a female employed in domestic worker.
Embroidery is the art of decorating fabric or other materials with designs stitched in strands of thread or yarn using a needle.
A banquet is a large public meal or feast, complete with main dishes and desserts.
In popular use, eccentricity or extravagance refers to unusual or odd behavior on the part of an individual.
Květinov is a small village in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
Úsobí is a village in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
A conversation is communication by two or more people, or sometimes with oneself, often on a particular topic.
FK Viktoria Žižkov is a football club in the Czech Republic.
Wit is a form of intellectual humour.
Joss sticks are a type of incense.
AFK Union Žižkov is a football club in the Czech Republic.
The 2004 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1, 2004, and lasted until November 30, 2004.
Flirting is a form of human behavior from one person toward another person, or between two people, usually showing a sexual or romantic interest in the other person.
Trustworthiness is a moral value considered to be a virtue.
The shamisen or samisen , also called sangen  is a Japanese musical instrument with three strings, that is played with a big plectrum called a "bachi".
Obi  is a Japanese word to call to many different types of sashes used with kimono and keikogi by both men and women.
Nitrogen fixation is the process by which nitrogen is taken from its stable gas form  in air and changed into other nitrogen compounds  useful for other chemical processes.
Britské listy are an Internet newspapers published in the Czech Republic.
The nitrogen cycle is the way that nitrogen in nature is changed into many different forms that are used by living organisms.
M.V.
A boarding school is a school where the students live and sleep at the school while going to their classes.
Sacha Noam Baron Cohen  is an English comedian, writer and actor.
Utrecht is a province in the Netherlands.
George II , lived between 10 November 1683 – 25 October 1760.
Amanda Moore is an American pop singer and actress.
New York City, New York .
were courtesans in Japan.
A is a type of Japanese very expensive and elegant restaurant.
The Philharmonia is an orchestra from London.
means simply "drum" in Japanese.
(ca.
A hanamachi  is a Japanese word used to call a neighborhood where courtesans and geisha lived and worked.
There are two types of Japanese traditional dance:"Odori", which was created in the Edo period; and "Mai", which was created in the western part of Japan.
Parkour is an activity with the aim of moving from one point to another , using the abilities of the human body.
The is a Japanese flute which is played vertically  like a recorder, instead of transversely  like the Western transverse flute.
Christian movements are different religious, political and philosophical ideas of Christianity that means Christians belonging to one movement have a small difference in beliefs than a person from a different movement.
Li Guang  was a Chinese general of the Han Dynasty.
The Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea is a London borough, west of central London.
The London Borough of Enfield is the most north London borough.
This is a list of districts of England by size.
Huo Qubing  was a Chinese general of the Han Dynasty under Emperor Wu.
In Hinduism, Kali Yuga (Devanāgarī:, lit.
Squashes are a kind of vegetable-like fruit.
Nelumbo is a genus of water plants which are also known as lotus.
In botany, Nymphaeaceae is the name of a family of plants which grow in water.
"Ugly Betty" is a Golden Globe- and Peabody Award-winning American comedy-drama television series.
A Shinto shrine is a place where people worship in the Shinto religion.
are women in the service of Shinto shrines.
, born Masako Tanaka on November 2 1949 in Kyoto, was Japan's number one "geiko"  until she retired at the age of 29.
This is a list of districts in England by population.
Libra is an ical sign, related to the constellation Libra, in the Southern Hemisphere near Scorpius and Virgo.
The "Igreja Pentecostal e Apostolica Missão Jesus" is a pentecostal church committed to the defence of the socially deprived.
Hindus believe that the Matsya avatara is the first important avatara of Vishnu.
Kurma is a Hinduism "avatara".
Hindus believe that Vishnu had many important Avataras, and the Varaha avatara was the third avatara of Vishnu.
Prithvi is the name for the goddess of the Earth in Hinduism.
A Daitya, according to Hinduism, is a type of giant that fought against the gods.
Manu, according to Hinduism, was the first human on Earth.
A wild boar is a animal of the family Suidae .
Narasimha, according to Hinduism, was the fourth avatara of Vishnu.
Hindus believe that Prahlada was a good person.
Hindus believe that Vishnu has many important avataras.
Hindus believe that Vishnu has many important avataras.
Hindus believe that Balarama was the older brother of Krishna.
Ba Đình Square  is a place in the Vietnamese capital, Hà Nội.
The Hồ Chí Minh Mausoleum  is a large memorial to Vietnamese independence leader Hồ Chí Minh.
Meng Tian  was a Chinese general of the Qin Dynasty under Emperor Qin Shi Huang.
A yarmulke  or Kippah  is a small cloth cap worn by Jews.
Judeo-Arabic languages are a collection of Arabic language dialects spoken by Jews living or formerly living in Arabic-speaking countries.
"The Clangers" is a children's television series.
The London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham is a London borough in West London but is part of an area called Inner London.
1 E9 m² is a term used to group together areas of similar size.
1 E8 m² is used for places that are between 100 km² and 1000 km² in area.
1 E7 m² is a term used to group together areas of similar size.
Athletics, known as Track and Field in the United States, has been contested at every Summer Olympics since the birth of the modern Olympic movement at the 1896 Summer Olympics.
The 1968 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XIX Olympiad, were held in Mexico City in 1968.
Sima Qian  was the historian of the Han Dynasty under Emperor Wu.
Gymnastics at the 1972 Summer Olympics was represented by 14 events: 6 for women and 8 for men.
Rowing at the 1980 Summer Olympics was represented by 14 events.
In rowing, a coxless pair consists of a pair of rowers, each having one oar, one on the stroke side  and one on the bow side .
The 1976 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXI Olympiad, were held in 1976 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
The 1960 Winter Olympics, officially known as the VIII Olympic Winter Games, were celebrated in 1960 in Squaw Valley, California, United States .
The 1984 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XIV Olympic Winter Games, were celebrated in Sarajevo, then in Yugoslavia and now in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The 1988 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XV Olympic Winter Games, were celebrated in Calgary, Alberta, Canada and opened by Governor General Jeanne Sauvé.
The Records of the Grand Historian  was written by Sima Qian, the historian of the Han Dynasty.
Football  has been included in every Summer Olympic Games except 1896 and 1932 as a men's competition sport.
The 1976 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XII Olympic Winter Games, were celebrated in 1976 in Innsbruck, Austria.
Gymnastics has been contested at every Summer Olympic Games since the birth of the modern Olympic movement at the 1896 Summer Olympics.
Biathlon  is a term used to describe any sporting event made up of two disciplines.
The 1972 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XX Olympiad, were held in Munich, in what was then West Germany, from 26 August to 11 September 1972.
Royal Boroughs are districts in the United Kingdom that have been given this special title because they had special links with the Royal family.
Emperor Wu of Jìn  was the founder of Western Jin Dynasty.
A Vaishnava is a Hindu who believes that Vishnu is the highest God.
John Couch Adams , was an English mathematician and astronomer.
Pygmies are a group of people who live in Africa.
In Sanskrit, Itihasa means history.
Bhakti Yoga is a Hindu spiritual practice.
The International Society for Krishna Consciousness  is a newer religious movement based on Hinduism.
A.
In the Sanskrit language, purana means story of ancient times.
Patti LaBelle  is an American R&B and Soul singer.
Whitney Elizabeth Houston  is an American pop and R&B singer.
Kami  is a Japanese word for any of several gods, spirits, or the God of Abrahamic religions.
Folklore is the body of expressive culture, including tales, music, dance, legends, oral history, proverbs, jokes, popular beliefs, customs, and more within a particular people.
Kappa , is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "k" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek.
Nguyễn Văn Cao was a famous Vietnamese composer.
The Vietnamese Independence League, or Việt Nam Độc Lập Đồng Minh Hội , was a revolutionary group lead by Vietnamese independence leader Hồ Chí Minh.
"Kojiki" or "Furukotofumi" , also called in English as the "Records of Ancient Matters", is the oldest book known in Japan.
Among the above six schools of Hindu Philosophy, Vedanta is by far very popular.
In the Sanskrit language, guru means teacher.
Moksha is the final goal for Hindus.
The caste system is a system in India that was once mainly used by Hindus.
Brahmin is a division of the caste system.
Kshatriya is a division of the caste system in Hinduism.
Vaishya is a division of the caste system.
Shudra is a division of the caste system.
In Hinduism, Jnana Yoga is the yoga or practice of knowledge.
The Atharva Veda is the fourth Veda, one of the Hindu scriptures.
The London Borough of Tower Hamlets is a London Borough a bit east of the City of London and north of the River Thames.
Uriah Heep are an English hard rock band.
An e-book or ebook or ecobook is a book that is on the computer or on a CD.
The Church-Turing thesis  is a statement about machines .
The London Borough of Brent is a London borough in north west London and is part of Greater London.
The London Borough of Ealing is a London borough in West London, it is part of Greater London.
Tamamo-no-Mae  is a legendary figure in Japanese mythology and folklore.
The London Borough of Hounslow is a London borough in West London.
The London Borough of Richmond upon Thames is a London borough in south west London.
The Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames is a London borough in south-west London.
The London Borough of Sutton is a London borough in south west London.
The London Borough of Bromley is a London Borough of south east London.
The London Borough of Lewisham is a London borough in south east London.
The London Borough of Bexley is a London Borough in south east London.
The London Borough of Havering is a east London borough.
The London Borough of Barking and Dagenham is a London borough in East London.
The London Borough of Redbridge is a London borough in north east London.
The London Borough of Newham is a London borough in east London.
The London Borough of Waltham Forest is a London borough in east London.
The London Borough of Haringey is a London borough in north London.
The London Borough of Barnet is a London borough in north London.
The London Borough of Harrow is a London borough of north west London.
The London Borough of Hillingdon is London borough, it is the most west borough of London.
John Shakespeare (c.
The Norwegian Elkhound is a type of dog that was bred in Norway, where most of them are found.
The Game of Life is a cellular automaton devised by the British mathematician John Horton Conway in 1970.
Bio-Booster Armor Guyver  or Guyver   is a long-running manga series written by Yoshiki Takaya .
Repulse Bay  Repulse Bay is a very famous beach in Hong Kong.
Pelagianism is a theory named after Pelagius.
Goggles and safety glasses are thick, plastic glasses worn over the eyes to keep objects out of them.
is a Japanese fairy tale about a fisherman who rescues a turtle and is rewarded with a visit to the Ryūgū-jō, the Dragon Palace.
A generator usually means a machine that makes electrical energy.
An inert gas is a gas that does not usually react with other things.
Emperor Gaozu of Han  was the founder of Han Dynasty and he reigned China from 202 BC until 195 BC.
The Unification Church is a new religious movement based on the importance of the family in creating a world of peace, started by Sun Myung Moon in Korea in the 1940s.
Philip Pullman  is an English writer.
Yomi , the Japanese word for the underworld in which horrible creatures guard the exits.
In Japanese mythology, Ryūgū-jō  is the palace of Ryūjin, the dragon god of the sea.
An imp is a mythological creature similar to a fairy or demon, usually described in folklore and superstition.
British Asians is an ethnic group which includes people who have British nationality but are originally from South Asia.
Black British are people who have British nationality but are originally from Africa or African-Caribbean people or anyone who sees them self as black.
Ryūjin  was the god of the sea in Japanese mythology.
Takama-ga-hara , literally "High Heaven's Plain" but usually translated as the "High Plain of Heaven," is a place in Japanese mythology.
The TV Guide is a magazine with a guide on schedules for TV shows and movies to let people know what will be shown.
Gospel music is a style of music.
Salsa is a type of dance of hispanic origin.
Gwen Renée Stefani is an American singer.
Izumo  was an old province of Japan.
is a mountain to the northeast of Kyoto city, located at the border between the Kyoto and Shiga prefectures, Japan.
Momotarō  is a popular hero from Japanese folklore.
Ame-no-Uzume-no-mikoto  is the Kami of dawn, happiness and joy in the Shinto religion of Japan.
Susanoo,  in Shinto is the Kami of the sea and storms.
Ninigi no Mikoto  is in Japanese mythology the son of Ame no Oshihomimi no Mikoto, and grandson of Amaterasu, who sent him down to earth to plant rice there.
Preston is a city in the north-west of England.
Onryō  is a Japanese ghost  who is able to return to the world of the living to seek revenge.
British Chinese, also Chinese British, Chinese Britons or British-born Chinese  are people of Chinese ancestry who were born in the United Kingdom or have moved to the United Kingdom.
The British African-Caribbean  community are residents of the United Kingdom who are of British West Indian background, and whose ancestors first came from Africa.
Switzerland’s national flag was adopted on December 12, 1889, which is one of the world’s oldest flag.
Taizu Emperor  was the founding father of the Qing Dynasty.
A Japanese dragon, also known as is a mythical animal from Japan.
Japanese mythology is a very difficult system of beliefs that includes Shinto and Buddhist traditions.
Huang Taiji  was the emperor of Qing Dynasty.
Japanese folklore is the folklore of Japan.
Pheasants are a group of large birds in the order Galliformes.
Galena is a mineral and an important lead ore.
Polytonality is the use in music of several keys at the same time.
The M1 motorway is a large motorway in the United Kingdom.
Teddy Randazzo  was an American singer, songwriter and record producer, best known for his work in the 1950s and 1960s.
Kaspar Hauser  was a child who lived in Germany.
The Twist was a popular dance in the early 1960s.
A cover version  is a song which is re-recorded by a singer or band, after another artist has released a recording of it.
The Kingsmen were a popular American band of the early 1960s.
Hank Ballard  was an American musician and songwriter.
The Disciples of Christ are an American Christian denomination of churches, which began in the 1800s.
Bruno Bauer  was a german philosoper and theologian.
Zsa Zsa Gábor  is a Hungarian-American actress and socialite.
Brittany Snow  is an American actress.
A desk is a piece of furniture where someone can sit and write, often with drawers or other places to put books, papers, and other things.
Coles Supermarkets is an Australian supermarket chain owned by Wesfarmers .
The Empire of Nicaea  was the largest of the Byzantine Greek states founded by the nobility of the Byzantine Empire after Constantinople was conquered during the Fourth Crusade.
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited , is a Mumbai-based stock exchange.
John Ogden Whedon  was an American screenwriter.
This is a list of episodes for the American television series, "Buffy the Vampire Slayer".
Shunzhi Emperor  was the emperor of Qing Dynasty.
David Greenwalt  is an American screenwriter.
How to write in Simple English · Useful pages · Simple talk · Categories · HelpSchools Gateway  .
Simple English  • List of all Wikipedias – Languages working together – Start a Wikipedia for a new language .
See the pages of the too.
Đồng Hới is a capital city of Quảng Bình province, in the north central coast of Vietnam.
Phong Nha-Ke Bang National Park  is a national park in Quang Binh Province, Vietnam.
Tan Son Nhat International Airport  is an airport in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
Flavius Romulus Augustus , often called Romulus Augustulus , was a Western Roman Emperor.
Justinian I or Justinian the Great  was Eastern Roman Emperor from 527 until his death.
Gaius Aurelius Valerius Diocletianus (c.
The Huns were an early group of Central Asian equestrian nomads or semi-nomads..
The Visigoths  were one of two main branches of the Goths.
The Turkic peoples are a group of peoples.They are decsended from Japeth.
Marcus Ulpius Nerva Traianus, commonly called Trajan  was Roman Emperor in 98–117.
The Amazons  is a mythical ancient nation of all-women warriors.
Wurzburg is a common way in English to spell "Würzburg".
Tamara "Tammy" Faye Messner  was an American Christian singer, evangelist, entrepreneur, author, talk show host, and television personality.
Sapphire is the non-red type of the mineral corundum, an aluminium oxide .
Anne Jacqueline Hathaway  is an American movie and stage actress.
"Fear Factor" is an American stunt/dare reality game show.
Joe Rogan  is an American comedian and actor best known for his role as Joe Garrelli in "NewsRadio" and as host on the TV game/reality program "Fear Factor".
Endemol is a company based in the Netherlands that makes programs for television.
The Hilton Hotels brand was re-united internationally after more than 40 years in February 2006, when United States-based Hilton Hotels Corporation purchased the lodging arm of United Kingdom-based Hilton Group PLC, which had acquired Hilton's international operations in 1987 .
Emily Jordan Osment  is an American actress and singer.She is most famous for her roles of Gerti Giggles in the "Spy Kids" trilogy, and Lilly Truscott in "Hannah Montana".
In biology, evolution is a change in the traits passed by a group from one generation to the next.
Kerry Jayne Elizabeth Katona  is an English television presenter, magazine columnist and former pop singer with girl band Atomic Kitten.
Atomic Kitten is an English girl group from Liverpool composed of Liz "Lil" McClarnon, Natasha "Tash" Hamilton, and Jenny Frost - who replaced original member Kerry Katona in January 2001.
Warrington is a large town and borough within the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England.
Darin  is a pop singer from Sweden.
, is a historical province or "landskap" on the eastern coast of Sweden.
Uppland is a historical province or "landskap" on the eastern coast of Sweden, just north of Stockholm, the capital.
Västmanland is a historical Swedish province, or "landskap", in middle Sweden.
Värmland is a historical province or "landskap" in the west of middle Sweden.
The Gulf of Bothnia is the northernmost arm of the Baltic Sea.
Lolo Ferrari, born Eve Valois  was a French dancer and actress billed as "the woman with the largest breasts in the world", though their size was artificially achieved.
Fluorescent light bulbs are a kind of light bulb that uses very hot gas to light up.
"My December" is Kelly Clarkson's third album.
Tropical Storm Chantal was a very short-lived storm in the northern Atlantic Ocean that stayed away from land during most of its existence.
Flinders Street Station is the central railway station of the rail network of Melbourne, Australia.
"RIOT!" is a 2007 album by the United States Pop rock band Paramore.
Paramore is an American Emo band.
Stonemasonry is the art of making things out of stone.
"Just Ella" is a book written by Margaret Peterson Haddix.
Ouran High School Host Club is a manga created by Bisco Hatori.
Wei Yuan  was a Chinese scholar of the Qing Dynasty and he wrote many books on politics in his life.
Herbert von Karajan  was an Austrian conductor.
Snape Maltings is a group of buildings including a famous concert hall in the village of Snape, Suffolk.
Gladiators  were professional fighters in ancient Rome, who fought against each other, wild animals, and sentenced criminals, sometimes to the death, for the entertainment of the public.
where "I" is the current in amperes, "V" is the potential difference in volts, and "R" is a constant, measured in ohms, called the resistance.
Lin Shu  was a Chinese translator.
"Kamikaze"  is a word of Japanese origin.
Ü or ü is not a letter used in English, but is used in some other languages.
The umlaut is the name of the two small dots above the letters A, O, and U in German.
Ö or ö is not a letter used in English, but is used in some other languages.
This is a list of the Emperors of China from 221 BC until 1911 AD.
Ä or ä is not a letter used in English, but is used in some other languages.
Ulyanovsk , formerly Simbirsk , is a city on the Volga River in Russia.
The Age of Enlightenment was an eighteenth century cultural movement in Europe.
Birds of prey  are birds that mainly use their claws  to hunt for food.
O RLY? is an Internet meme often used in chat rooms or fora.
"World Peace One is a concert event that will take place in 16 cities for 30 hours straight on December 8 and 9, 2007.
Jeffrey Buttle  is a figure skater from Canada.
An Ina Bauer is a figure skating element.
Shawn Sawyer  is a Canadian figure skater.
Brian Orser  is a figure skater from Canada.
Kim Yu-Na  is a figure skater from South Korea.
Christopher Mabee  is a figure skater from Canada.
Tanith Jessica Louise Belbin  is a Canadian-American ice dancer.
Benjamin Alexandro "Ben" Agosto  is an American ice dancer.
Ice dancing is a form of figure skating which draws from the world of ballroom dancing.
Charlie White is an ice dancer from the United States.
Meryl Davis is an ice dancer from the United States.
The Treaty of Shimonoseki  was signed between the Qing Dynasty and Empire of Japan at Shimonoseki in 1895 AD.
Tessa Virtue is an ice dancer from Canada.
Scott Moir is an ice dancer from Canada.
Albena Denkova  is an ice dancer from Bulgaria.
Maxim Staviski  ) is an ice dancer from Bulgaria.
The First Sino-Japanese War  was a war between the Qing Dynasty and the Empire of Japan.
Johnny Weir  is a figure skater from the United States.
Nobunari Oda is a figure skater from Japan.
"The Simpsons Movie" is a 2007 animated movie based on the television programme "The Simpsons".
Male enhancement supplements work by increasing the amount of blood flow the genital region receives and the volume of blood that it can retain.
"Californication" is a 2007 American television series.
Originally, Bushido  is the Samurai code of honour in Japan.
Honor, spelt honour outside the United States, is the idea of the trustworthiness and social status of a person by the society, by judgement of his actions.
An oil field is a region with many oil wells extracting petroleum  from below ground.
Takeoff is the stage of flight in which an aircraft goes from moving along the ground  to flying in the air, usually on a runway.
Brian Joubert is a figure skater from France.
Pap or Pop is a city in Uzbekistan.
A gift or a present is something  which is given to someone.
Timothy Goebel is a figure skater from the United States.
Angela Nikodinov is a figure skater from the United States.
Alberto Gonzales  is an American jurist who is the 80th Attorney General of the United States.
A Cantilever is a figure skating move.
Mao Asada is a figure skater from Japan.
Catia  is a comercial designing software.
Brigham Young  was the second president of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and the first Governor of the American state of Utah.
Speaker is the name of the person in charge of some legislatures, usually the lower house.
"Parsifal" is an opera in three acts by Richard Wagner.
Kana refers to the two syllabic writing systems used in Japanese.
Tropical Storm Erin was the second tropical cyclone to make landfall on the United States in the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season.
José Antonio Domínguez Banderas , better known as Antonio Banderas, is an Spanish film actor and singer who has acted in several important Hollywood films including ', "Assassins", "Interview with the Vampire", "Mariachi" sequels, "Philadelphia", "The Mask of Zorro", and the "Shrek" sequels.
James Eugene Carrey  is a Canadian-American movie actor and comedian.
The Egyptian cobra "" is a type of poisonous cobra.
Mikhail Nikolaevitch Baryshnikov   is a Russian dancer, choreographer, and actor.
South African rand .
"Batman Begins" is a 2005 superhero movie, based on the fictional DC Comics character Batman.
William John "Liam" Neeson OBE  is an Irish actor, nominated for many awards including the Oscar.
The Great Seal of United States is the official coat of arms of United States, and it's placed in official documents from United States Government.
Year 1444was a leap year.
The Biellmann spin is a spin in figure skating.
Year 1445 was a common year.
Omar Sharif   is an Egyptian actor who has worked in many Hollywood films.
Toshirō Mifune   was a Japanese actor who was in almost 170 movies.
Andy García  is an American actor, born in Cuba.
Rodrigo Junqueira dos Reis Santoro,  is a Brazilian actor.
Sir Maurice Joseph Micklewhite, Jr.
Begging means asking people for money, food, shelter or other things, when one is not able to give anything instead.
Benicio Monserrate Rafael del Toro Sánchez  is a Puerto Rican actor and film producer.
Geoffrey Roy Rush  is an Australian actor who has won the Academy and Emmy awards, as well as several others.
Joaquín Rafael Phoenix  , originally called as 'Leaf Phoenix', is a Puerto Rican actor.
William Hurt  is an American actor.
Adrien Brody  is an American actor.
Mark Robert Michael Wahlberg  is an American actor and television producer, who has been nominated for the Academy Award.
Wesley Trent Snipes  is an American actor, martial artist and film producer.
Jak 3 is a video game made by Naughty Dog.
Edward Harrison Norton  is an American movie actor and director.
The Cardinals or Cardinalidae are a family of passerine birds that live in North and South America.
The magpies are passerine birds of the crow family, Corvidae.
Final Fantasy Tactics is a tactical role-playing game for the Playstation.
Vacuoles are membrane-bound compartments within some eukaryotic cells that can serve a variety of functions.
The College of Arms, in London is one of the few remaining government heraldic authorities in Europe.
The City of Sunderland is a metropolitan borough in Tyne and Wear, in North East England.
The Self-Strengthening Movement  was a reform organised during the late Qing Dynasty and it could be divided into three phases the first phase , the second phase 1872 AD - 1885 AD) and the third phase .
Michael John Douglas   is an American actor, perhaps most famous for his roles in comedy films such as "Night Shift", and "Beetlejuice", and for his work of Batman in the two films directed by Tim Burton.
Inequality is sometimes used to name a statement that one expression is smaller, greater, not smaller or not greater than the other.
Chechnya  is a federal subject of Russia, located in the Caucasus which several times tried to depart from Russia.
Hilbert's paradox of the Grand Hotel is a mathematical paradox named after a famous German mathematician David Hilbert.
Opposite number or additive inverse of any number "n" is a number which, if added to "n", results in 0, the identity element of addition.
We write it like this: formula_3.
The Isle of Portland is an island in Dorset in the south of England.
Weymouth is a resort town in Dorset on the south coast of England.
Chrysanthemums are a genus  of about 30 species of perennial flowering plants in the family Asteraceae, from Asia and northeast Europe.
A flagship is the ship used by the officer who commanded a group of naval ships.
The European Magpie  is a bird that lives in Europe, much of Asia, and northwest Africa.
Sui generis  is a term from Latin.
Compass-and-straightedge or ruler-and-compass construction is drawing of lengths, angles or shapes using only a ruler and compass.
A carnation is a type of flower.
"Air Force One" is the air traffic call sign  of any airplane being used by the President of the United States.
In the Middle Ages, people in Europe believed that Incubi  were male demons.
A Commonwealth realm is a country which has the same monarch as the United Kingdom.
A Dashiki is a loose, brightly coloured African garment that covers the top half of the body.
The Colorado Avalanche are an NHL team that plays in Denver, Colorado.
The Battle of Midway was an important naval battle of World War II, between the United States and the Empire of Japan.
The Minnesota Wild are a NHL team based in Saint Paul, Minnesota .
Ghassanids, are an Arab clan who came to the Levant from Yemen before Islam.
The Boeing B-29 Superfortress was a heavy bomber aircraft with four engines used by the United States Army Air Forces in World War II, and by other countries' military after that.
Sewing is stitching cloth, leather, furs, or other materials, using a needle and thread.
Saipan  is the largest island and capital of the United States Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands , a chain of 15 tropical islands which are part of the Marianas archipelago in the western Pacific Ocean  with a total area of 115.39 km² .
Knitting creates flexible fabric by looping thread or yarn together using two or more knitting needles or a knitting machine.
Yarn is a long, continuous length of fibers that have been spun or felted together.
The Royal Australian Navy  is the navy of the Australian Defence Force.
was a Vice-admiral in the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II, who came to known as the father of the "kamikaze".
The torpedo, is an explosive projectile weapon that moves by itself , launched above or below the water surface, that goes underwater toward a target, and made to explode when it hits a target or is near to it.
In aviation, the undercarriage or landing gear is the structure  that supports an aircraft and allows it to move across the surface of the Earth when it is not flying.
Battlefield 2 is a first-person shooter developed by Digital Illusions CE and published by EA Games.
A subset is a set which has some  of the elements of another set, called superset, but does not have any elements that the superset does not have.
The proof of Pythagorean theorem was found by a Greek mathematician, Eudoxus of Cnidus.
The Honourable Society of the Middle Temple is one of the four Inns of Court exclusively entitled to call their members to the English bar as barristers.
The Orthodox Autocephalous Church of Albania is one of the Eastern Orthodox churches.
The University of Padua  located in Padua, Italy was created in 1222.
Anti-aircraft warfare, or air defence, is any way of fighting military aircraft in combat from the ground.
The National Museum of the United States Air Force  is the official national museum of the United States Air Force and is located on Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, near Dayton, Ohio.
The first Tour de France was in 1903, but it was not run during World War I or World War II.
The Honourable Society of the Inner Temple is one of the four Inns of Court around the Royal Courts of Justice in London.
The Inns of Court are professional associations, in London, in which every English barrister must belong to.
The Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn is one of the four Inns of Court around the Royal Courts of Justice in London.
The Honourable Society of Gray's Inn is one of the four Inns of Court around the Royal Courts of Justice in London.
The Battle of Okinawa, was a great battle of World War II that took place on the island of Okinawa in the Ryukyu Islands , between the military forces of the Empire of Japan and the Allies.
Naomi Nari Nam  is a figure skater from the United States.
Themistocles Leftheris is a figure skater from the United States.
The Yokosuka MXY-7 "Ohka"  was a type of airplane rocket, used for suicide attacks by the Empire of Japan in the last months of World War II.
Stéphane Lambiel is a figure skater from Switzerland.
Daisuke Takahashi is a figure skater from Japan.
Evgeni Plushenko is a figure skater from Russia.
Stacy London  is an American fashionconsultant and mediapersonality.
The "Kaiten"  was a torpedo that was changed as a suicide weapon, and used by the Navy of the Empire of Japan in the last months of the Second World War.
A blanket is a large, usually rectangular piece of cloth, generally used on a bed over a sheet to keep the sleeping person warm.
Crochet is a way of creating fabric from yarn or thread using a crochet hook to pull loops of yarn through other loops.
Weaving is the interlacing of two sets of threads at right angles to each other to form cloth.
A loom is a machine for weaving thread or yarn into textiles.
A sweater is a piece of clothing worn on the upper body to keep the person warm.
A scarf is a piece of fabric worn on or near the head or around the neck for warmth, cleanliness, fashion or for religious reasons.
"Across the Universe" is a musical movie made in 2007.
Hugo Wallace Weaving  is an Australian movie and stage actor.
The Battle of the Philippine Sea was an important naval battle of the Second World War between by the navies of the United States and Japan.
A lottery is a type of gambling contest where people buy a ticket to win large sums of money.
The Tour of Britain is the name of a cycle race held in United Kingdom.
Tengiz is a lake in Kazakhstan, Kostanay oblast near Russia.
Aike is a lake on the border between Kazakhstan and Russia.
Tamgaly is a lake in Kazakhstan, in South Kazakhstan oblast.
The Union Cycliste Internationale or "International Cycling Union" usually called the UCI is the governing body of bicycle racing in the world.
Ashchikol is a lake in Kazakhstan, in Kyzylorda oblast.
Kajbagar is a lake in Kazakhstan, Kustanay oblast.
The Milk Marketing Board was an agency of the British government.
The Smithsonian Institution  is an educational and research institute and museum complex, administered and funded by the government of the United States and by funds from its endowment, contributions, and profits from its shops and its magazine.
The Battle of Leyte Gulf, was the biggest naval battle in modern history.
The Ottoman Dynasty  ruled the Ottoman Empire from 1281 to 1923.
Grand Vizier, Sadr-ı Azam  or Serdar-ı Ekrem , was the greatest minister of the Sultan.
Year 1446 was a common year.
This is the list of Grand Viziers of the Ottoman Empire.
The Köprülü family was an Ottoman noble family with origins from Albania.
Ashley Tisdale  is an American actress and singer.
Vanessa Anne Hudgens  is an American actress.
Angela Beesley  is a British web entrepreneur.
Derby is a type of race for horses.
A reef is a place in the sea where fish live.
Luba Goy is now a Canadian comedienne and a Canadian television star.
Elizabeth Stamatina "Tina" Fey  is an American writer, comedian and an Emmy-winning actress.
Ashley Margaret Anne Leggat  is a Canadian actress who is known for her roles as "Casey MacDonald" in the Canadian series "Life with Derek".
Jessica Marie Lunsford  was a nine-year-old girl who was abducted from her home in Homosassa, Florida on February 23, 2005, then raped and murdered by 47-year-old John Couey.
Puncak Jaya   is the highest mountain on the island of New Guinea .
Raviv "Ricky" Ullman  is an Israeli-American actor born on January 24, 1986.
Homosassa is a census-designated place  in Citrus County, Florida, United States.
John Evander Couey  is an American sex offender and murderer.
Jaws is a 1975 thriller movie directed by Steven Spielberg.
Alcazar is a Swedish pop group who had a string of hit singles during the early 2000s decade and are continuing successfully today.
A Gangster is a person who is part of a gang.
A gang is a group of people who are similar to each other and have common interests.
__NOTOC__ Mountain.
Odoacer (Flavius Odoacrus/Odovacar/Odowaker/Odoacer; b.
Alexios I Komnenos or Alexius I Comnenus , Byzantine emperor , was the son of John Komnenos and Anna Dalassena.
Slayer is a thrash metal band from the USA.
Megadeth is a thrash metal band from the United States.
The Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival is an annual four-day music festival held in Manchester, Tennessee.
Przystanek Woodstock is a weekend-long music festival in Poland that has been held once a year since 1995.
The Empire of Japan  was a government of the areas ruled by Japan during the period from the Meiji Restoration to the Japanese defeat in World War II.
A headband is an accessory that is made to fit over or around the head, usually to hold hair away from the face or sweat out of the eyes.
The Cornflower  also called Bachelor's button, Basket flower, and Boutonniere flower is a small flowering plant in the family Asteraceae.
An Axel jump is a jump in figure skating.
Kimmie Meissner is a figure skater from the United States.
A flying ace or fighter ace is a military pilot who has shot down five or more enemy aircraft in air combat.
A medal is a small metal object that is given as an award for doing something very important or made to commemorate something.
Motoori Norinaga  was a Japanese scholar and poet during the Edo period.
Most of the time, the words "Yours truly" are used in English to end a letter politely.
Saburo Sakai 坂井三郎 "Sakai Saburō"  was a Japanese naval pilot and fighter ace  of the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II.
Southern Cross Station is a railway station in Melbourne, Australia.
Flagstaff is a railway station in Melbourne, Australia !colspan=5 align=center bgcolor=#efefef|"City Loop" !colspan=5 align=center bgcolor=#efefef|Broadmeadows, Flemington Racecourse, Sydenham, Upfield, Werribee & Williamstown lines .
Melbourne Central is a train station in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
Parliament is an underground railway station in Melbourne, Australia.
Asphyxiation or choking is a condition when you do not have enough oxygen going to your body.
"Toy Story 2" is a 1999 computer-generated animation movie and the sequel to "Toy Story".
Richmond station is a railway station in Richmond, Australia.
The Bairnsdale railway line is a regional railway in Victoria, Australia.
Pakenham is a railway station in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, located in the suburb of Pakenham, on the Pakenham railway line.
North Melbourne Railway Station is the gateway through which all west and northwest bound train lines in Melbourne, Australia pass.
Crumbsuckers was a 1980s hardcore punk/heavy metal band from the United States.
The Shushi massacres were anti-Armenian pogroms during the Armenian-Azerbaijani war, 1920, when Azeri and Turkish army soldiers with participation of Kurdish gangs attacked the inhabitants of Shushi.
Osip Emilyevich Mandelstam    was a Russian poet and essayist.
The Forestry Commission is a UK Government agency that was set up in 1919.
Fukushima Prefecture  is located in the Tōhoku region on the island of Honshū, Japan, approximately 300 km north of Tokyo.
Arara is a Brazilian city in the state of Paraíba.
Juan Crisóstomo de Arriaga y Balzola  was an early 19th-century Spanish composer.
The Conservatoire de Paris  is a music conservatory where students can study dance, drama and music.
The Prix de Rome was a scholarship  for art students in Paris.
Caulfield is a railway station in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
Officer railway station is an ummanned railway station in Officer, Victoria.
The letter ß  is a letter in the German alphabet.
General Motors Railway Station was a railway station in Melbourne, Australia.
Agronomy is the study of soil in relation to how it affects plant growth.
Yarra Trams is a tram operating company in Melbourne, Australia.
Metlink is the marketing name for all public transport operators' in Melbourne, Australia.
BATBYGOBSTOPL is a 13 letter acronym used in Metlink advertising in Melbourne, Australia.
Sanyo is an electronics company.
Celtic Frost is a thrash/death metal band from Switzerland.
Ness is the main character in the game EarthBound.
The Privy Council is a group of advisors to a Monarch.
Patterns called cables are created using special cable knitting needles.
The Maraghar Massacre happened on April 10, 1992, during the Nagorno-Karabakh War.
Circular knitting or knitting in the round is a form of knitting that creates a seamless tube.
Knitting machines are used to make knitted cloth for clothing or household items.
The Kirovabad pogrom was an attack by Azeris against the targeted Armenian population living in the Azerbaijani town of Kirovabad in November 1988.
In the Book of Genesis, chapters two and three, the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil was a tree in the middle of the Garden of Eden, along with the Tree of Life.
The Royal Academy of Music is a conservatory in London where young people can study music.
The Royal College of Music is a conservatory in London where young people can study music.
An Automatic Teller Machine, or ATM for short, is a machine that lets people take out  cash from their bank accounts.
A quilt is a type of blanket made of three layers: a top piece of cloth, a layer of insulating material often called "batting", and a bottom piece of cloth for backing.
A ribbon is a thin, flexible band, usually cloth but also plastic or sometimes metal.
The Garden of Eden is the place where the first man, Adam, and the first woman, Eve, lived after they were created by God.
The Wigmore Hall is a famous concert hall in London.
The Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music or ABRSM is an organisation that arranges music examinations.
House of Commons is the name of the lower house in several commonwealth parliaments .
Engraving is putting a design onto a hard, flat surface, by carving into it.
Ron Dennis  is the team principal of the McLaren Formula One team and 15% owner of the McLaren Group.
Sabaragamuwa is a province in Sri Lanka.
A skateboard is a board with four wheels attached to it.
Interstate 95  is an important Interstate highway that runs north to south in the eastern part of the United States.
U.S.
The Dwight D.
"Let it Be" was a 1970 album and movie, by rock band The Beatles.
Eldrick "Tiger" Woods  is an American professional golfer.
The House of Commons of Canada  is a part of the Parliament of Canada, along with the Sovereign  and the Senate.
Riboflavin one of the B vitamins .
The Earl Marshal is a member of the Royal Household and is in charge of organising royal ceremonies and processions.
Crysis is a first person shooter computer game involving science fiction.
A peer is a member of the nobility.
Fertility is the natural capability to give life.
Fin de siècle means turn of the century in French.
Postmodernism is a word to describe our actual times.
An eraser is a tool made from rubber that is used to get rid of marks made from a pencil, or some types of pen.
Sercquiais, also known as Sarkese or Sark-French , is a language which is spoken on the island of Sark.
Jèrriais is a language that is spoken in Jersey.
Auregnais, Aoeur'gnaeux or Aurignais was the Norman dialect of the Channel Island of Alderney.
Colwyn Bay is a town on the north coast of Wales.
Maple syrup urine disease  is a genetic medical disorder.
Anglesey  is an island in Gwynedd County in North Wales.
Plateosaurus  is a genus of plateosaurid prosauropod dinosaur that lived during the Norian and Rhaetian stages of the Late Triassic period, around 216 to 199 millon years ago in what is now Europe.
Cotton Mather  was a politically important English Puritan minister and writer.
Lady Linda Louise Eastman See McCartney  was the first wife of musician Paul McCartney.
Fethiye is a city and district in the Mugla Province in Turkey.
N-Dubz is a British hip hop group based in Camden Town in Greater London.
Wendy Scurr is a nurse who is most famous as a person who believes that Martin Bryant did not commit the Port Arthur massacre, which is based on her own testimony as a person who was at Port Arthur during the time that the people were murdered, and who was the person that called police to inform them of the crime.
Events.
Events.
"Pachycephalosaurus" was a kind of dinosaur which lived during the late Cretaceous period millions of years ago.
Jeffrey Nero "Jeff" Hardy  is an American professional wrestler.
Durban  is the second most populous city in South Africa.
Bantu is a general term for over 400 different ethnic groups in Africa, from Cameroon to South Africa, that have a common language family  and in many cases common customs.
In the United Kingdom a Knight Bachelor is a man who is a knight  but who is not both a In the 1920s the Society of Knights Bachelor were allowed to wear a special badge on the days when other knights would wear their insignia.
A digital system is a system that stores data in a discrete way.
Hans Christian Ørsted  was a Danish physicist and chemist.
An ammeter is a measuring tool used to measure the flow of electric current in a circuit.
In electronics, a voltage divider is a tool which creates an output voltage which is proportional to an input voltage.
English Heritage is an organization of the United Kingdom government .
The Filioque cause is a part of the Nicene Creed that not all Christians agree about.
Krokus is a hard rock band from Switzerland.
Historic Scotland is an agency of the Scottish Executive, that is responsible for historic monuments in Scotland.
Loudness is a heavy metal band from Japan.
The Gulf of Oman is an arm of the Arabian Sea that borders Iran and south-western Pakistan to the north and Oman and the United Arab Emirates to the south.
Gulag describes a vast network of slave labor camps operated by the Soviet Union from the 1930s to the 1950s.
A multimeter or a multitester is an electronic measuring tool that is a combination of several tools in one unit.
Hyattsville is a town in Maryland in the USA.
In tort law, an invitee is a member of the public who has been invited to do business with the owner of a property.
Luciano Pavarotti  was an Italian tenor and one of the most popular contemporary vocal performers in the world.
In law, negligence is a kind of lawsuit that people and organizations can bring if they are hurt.
"Cytokinesis" is the division of cells after either Mitosis or Meiosis I and II.
Battery is the crime or tort of intentionally touching someone else without permission .
An assault is a crime or tort in which somebody  threatens or attempts to hurt someone else.
Megaloblastic anemia is a kind of anemia.
A legal code is a "written" system of laws.
José Plácido Domingo Embil KBE  is an Spanish tenor opera singer.
Josep Carreras i Coll , better known as José Carreras, is a tenor opera singer.
Leukemia or leukaemia is a cancer of blood and bone marrow.
A tavern is a place where alcoholic drinks  are served.
Gaucho  is the term commonly used for people who live in the south regions of Brazil, mainly in Rio Grande do Sul.
The flag of Tunisia is a national flag.
Humat Al-Hima is the national anthem of Tunisia since November 1987.
Nymphadora Tonks is a fictional character in the "Harry Potter" book series written by J.
"Scelidosaurus"  was a genus of quadrupedal, lightly plated, herbivorous dinosaur about 4 metres long.
Inheritance is when people pass on property and debts when they die.
The Nissan Stadium  is a sports stadium in Yokohama, Japan.
Scream 2 is a 1997 horror film directed by Wes Craven and written by Kevin Williamson.
DNA repair means a collection of processes by which a cell identifies and corrects damage to the DNA molecules that encode its genome.
A person who has a coat is arms is sometime called an "armiger".
In biology the genome of an organism is its whole hereditary information and is encoded in the DNA .
Atomic force microscopes  are a type of microscope.
Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali  is the second president of Tunisia, after Habib Bourguiba.
In the United Kingdom a baronet is a man who is a knight  but who is neither Unlike the members of the orders of chivalry and a knight bachelor a baronet can pass his title to his children.
The duchy of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (German "Sachsen-Coburg und Gotha" was a "dual monarchy" in Germany.
Berkelium  is a chemical element in the periodic table.
BBC Learning English is a website hosted by the BBC World Service since 1996.
Omarosa Manigault-Stallworth mostly known only as "Omarosa" (born Omaroseonee O.
"The Apprentice" is a television show that first aired in 2004 in the United States.
"Survivor" is a popular reality television game show produced in many countries throughout the world.
"The Weakest Link"  is a television game show which first appeared in the United Kingdom on BBC Two on 14 August 2000.
Anne Josephine Robinson  is an English television presenter and television game show hostess who is most famous for hosting the BBC game show, "The Weakest Link" which earned her the nickname "Queen of Mean".
Scooch are a British bubblegum dance group.
In addition, petroforms and inukshuks are rock art made by aligning or piling natural stones.
Edward Teach (c.
Jenolan Caves is a series of limestone caves near Lithgow, Australia.
Sizzler is a chain of steakhouse restaurants in the United States and other countries around the world.
Siyyid `Alí Muḥammad was a merchant from Shíráz, Iran who started a religion called Bábism.
"Breakfast at Tiffany's" is a 1961 movie.
Juan Ignacio Molina.
Mescaline  is a chemical substance.
Psilocybin is a chemical substance.
Ketamine is an anesthetic.
Diazepam is a chemical substance.
Fluoxetine hydrochloride is a chemical substance.
The "Portable Document Format"  is a file format for storing documents on a computer.
Ascension Island is an island in the South Atlantic Ocean.
The Territory of Ashmore and Cartier Islands is two groups of small low-lying uninhabited tropical islands in the Indian Ocean north-west of Australia and south of the Indonesian island of Roti.
The Australian Antarctic Territory  is the part of Antarctica claimed by Australia and is the largest part of Antarctica claimed by any nation.
The British Antarctic Territory is a sector of Antarctica claimed by the United Kingdom and is a British overseas territory.
The British Indian Ocean Territory is a dependency of the United Kingdom.
The Territory of Christmas Island is a small island that belongs to Australia.
The Territory of Cocos  Islands, also called Cocos Islands and Keeling Islands, is a territory of Australia.
Heard Island and McDonald Islands  are uninhabited islands located in the Southern Ocean, about two-thirds of the way from Madagascar to Antarctica, or due south of Rajapur, Maharashtra,India.
The Ross Dependency is an area of Antarctica  claimed by New Zealand.
Tristan da Cunha  is a group of remote islands in the south Atlantic Ocean, 2816 km  from South Africa and 3360 km  from South America.
A frozen dinner is a kind of prepackaged meal, or convenience food.
Věž is a village near Humpolec in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
The Southern Lapwing  is a large long-legged bird.
Reinforced concrete is concrete with long pieces of metal called rebar inside to make it stronger.
A courthouse is a building that holds a court.
A prosecutor is a lawyer who works for the state .
Ibiza is an island which is part of the Balearic Islands in the Mediterranean Sea which all belong to Spain.
Octave Mirbeau  was a French writer.
A Tumulus  is a certain type of grave.
Island called "Cocos", "Coco" or "Coconut" .
The Zapotec civilization was an indigenous pre-Columbian civilization.
The Olmec were a people who lived about 3000 years ago in what is today south-central Mexico.
The Mixe-Zoque languages is a group of languages and dialects.
Step pyramids are a form of pyramid.
Chichén Itzá was a city built by the Maya civilisation.
Common sense means what people would agree about.
"Magic User’s Club" is an anime created by Junichi Sato.
Deryck Whibley  is a Canadian singer and musician from the band Sum 41.
Glam rock is a genre of rock music that was popular in the early 1970's.
Polish Aviation Museum  is a big museum of old plane and plane engine in Kraków, Poland.
"Baron" Edouard Louis Joseph Merckx   is a former Belgian professional cyclist.
Monstera is a genus of flowering plants.
A vine is any plant of the genus Vitis.
Tropical waves, or easterly waves, also known as African easterly waves in the Atlantic Ocean, are a type of atmospheric trough, an extended area of moderately low air pressure, leaning north to south, which move from east to west across the tropics creating areas of cloudiness and thunderstorms.
Brownsville is a city located in the southern tip of Texas.
The word agar comes from the Malay word agar-agar .
The Australian Air Force Cadets  is a youth organisation in Australia.
A cable is made of many wires or optical fibers twisted together to make a larger wire.
The Yellow jersey  is the jersey worn by the leader of many multi-day  bicycle races, originally and most notably the Tour de France.
In road bicycle racing, and especially the three Grand Tour stage races (Tour de France, Italy and Spain, the Green jersey is the name given to a cycling jersey worn by the leader in a subsidiary competition.
The Rainbow jersey is a special jersey worn by world champion cyclists during races.
This is a list of notable Turkish people.
A derny race is a race in which the cyclists are paced by someone riding a derny.
An "escopetarra" is a guitar made from a rifle; it is used as a symbol of peace.
Sylvère Maes  was a Belgian cyclist, who is most famous for winning the Tour de France in 1936 and 1939.
Maurice Garin  was a road bicycle racer.
Insects have small holes in their bodies that allow them to breathe.
Henri Cornet  was a French cyclist who won the 1904 Tour de France.
"Jeopardy!" is a game show on television.
Paris-Roubaix is a famous single-day professional bicycle road race held in northern France starting in Compiègne and finishing in Roubaix, near the Belgian frontier.
Asexuality is a sexual orientation.
A mongoose  is a member of the family Herpestidae, a family of small cat-like carnivores.
Macedonian  is an Indo-European language spoken mainly in the Republic of Macedonia.
Patina is a coating of various chemical compounds such as oxides or carbonates formed on the surface of metal during exposure to weathering.
Clifton Hill is the place for fun in Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada.
Crux , commonly known as the Southern Cross , is one of the modern constellations.
Richmond is a suburb in east Melbourne, Australia.
The 2006 Commonwealth Games were held in Melbourne, Australia between March 15 and March 26, 2006.
The Deutschland Tour  is the most important stage race in Germany.
A bicycle stage race is a race held over several days.
The Eneco Tour of Benelux is a UCI ProTour bicycle stage race.
Lucas Cranach the Elder  was a German painter and printmaker in woodcut and engraving.
Edwards v.
The Establishment Clause is part of the United States Constitution  that does not allow the government to support one religion more than any other religions.
Frýdlant  is a town in the Czech Republic.
"Kitzmiller v.
Psychometrics is a science that tries to measure educational and psychological levels of people and groups of people.
The Discovery Institute is the main group promoting intelligent design.
Consolevania is an internet television program that is about video games.
In physics, drag  is a force which slows down the movement of an object through a liquid or gas.
Manatees are large, fully-aquatic marine mammals of the order Sirenia.
Natural history is a type of study of plants and animals.
Theistic evolution is the belief that God, or another higher power, created life using evolution.
Doctor Abdus Salam  was a Pakistani theoretical physicist and Nobel laureate in Physics for his work in Electro-Weak Theory.
Ununhexium is a chemical element.
The UCI ProTour is a series of bicycle road races organised by the world governing body the International Cycling Federation  The ProTour is the top grade of races for the top 20 cycling teams.
Ohana is an idea in Hawaiian culture.
":For other uses see Grand Tour" There are three Grand Tour cycling races:- This is the order they are raced in each year.
Mammoths were hairy elephants of the genus "Mammuthus".
Someone whom is right-wing in politics is usually someone who supports social or economic conservatism.
The polka dot jersey is the special cycling jersey given to the "King of the Mountains" in the Tour de France.
"The Ice Age" redirects here.
Louis XV  was a French king, who ruled from 1715 until his death in 1774.
Dr.
The word psychedelic is a word invented in the 20th century by joining the Greek words for "mind," ψυχή , and "manifest," δήλος .
Rugby union is a ball sport.
A Try is one of the way of scoring points in rugby league and rugby union.
The Avalon Peninsula is a large peninsula  that makes up the southeast portion of the island of Newfoundland.
Cape Cod  is an arm-shaped peninsula located in the eastern part of Massachusetts.
Chatham is a New England town in Barnstable County, Massachusetts.
Whitbourne is a town on the Avalon Peninsula in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Wind power in South Australia is a growing industry with 388 megawatts  of grid-connected wind farms, and a further 341 MW under construction.
There are several Solar power plants in the Mojave Desert which supply power to the electricity grid.
This lists the articles that are on renewable energy topics.
The Discovery Channel Pro Cycling Team was a professional racing team.
Alkanes are chemical compounds, made of carbon and hydrogen.
Charles-François Gounod  18 October 1893) was a French composer.
The Operación Puerto doping case  is a doping investigation in Spain.
Dover is a borough in York County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Rugby sevens is the shortened version of rugby union in which only seven players per side feature, instead of the full fifteen.
The Rugby World Cup Sevens is the world's premier international contest in the Sevens version of rugby union, first held in Scotland in 1993 and held every four years.
Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon is the younger sister of Queen Elizabeth II.
Romain Maes  was a Belgian cyclist who won the 1935 Tour de France.
An heir is a person who has inherited something after the original owner's death.
The Armenia national football team is the national football team of Armenia.
The Music of Serbia has a mix of traditional music, which is part of the bigger Balkan tradition.
Michel de Nostredame , also known as Nostradamus, was a French apothecary and claimed doctor.
A trough is an elongated area of comparatively low atmospheric pressure, usually in association with weather fronts.
The QuikSCAT  is an earth-observing satellite that provides wind speed and direction information over oceans to NOAA.
The Zakarids  also known as Mxargrdzeli, were a noble Armenian family in medieval Armenia and Georgia.
Bermuda International Airport, also known as L.F.
Mikhail Saakashvili  is a Georgian politician and is now the President of Georgia.
Waltham is a city in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States.
Image:Wiki plot 03.png|thumb|right|Annual mean sea surface temperature.
A national language is a language which is the national identity of a nation.
The Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum is a museum that deals with the history of country music.
The current flag of Iran was started to be used on July 29, 1980, and is a similar of changes brought to Iran by the Islamic Revolution.
Real Zaragoza is an Aragonese football Club.
Everton Tigers are an English professional basketball team.
The Eastman School of Music of the University of Rochester  is a music conservatory in the United States.
Armeniapedia is an online encyclopedia about Armenia.
Henry Morgenthau, Sr.
The Persians are an Iranic ethnic group who speak the Persian language and share the same culture and history.
Louis P.
A shepherd is someone who looks after sheep.
The Armenian Secret Army for the Liberation of Armenia  was a Marxist-Leninist guerilla organization, that operated from 1975 to 1986.
Kevork Ajemian   was an Armenian writer, journalist and public activist, one of the founders of ASALA military organization.
Cosmic rays are particles from outer space that have a lot of energy.
Supabarn is a small, cheap supermarket chain based in Canberra with large shops across the Australian Capital Territory  and New South Wales in Australia.
This is a list of countries what are members of the United Nations.
The 1960 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XVII Olympiad, were held in 1960 in Rome, Italy.
The 1948 Winter Olympics, officially known as the V Olympic Winter Games, were celebrated in 1948 in St.
The 1932 Winter Olympics, officially known as the III Olympic Winter Games, were celebrated in 1932 in Lake Placid, New York, United States.
The 2010 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XXI Olympic Winter Games, are the next Winter Olympics and will be celebrated in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada in 2010.
Sexual assault is when two people come in contact of a sexual nature, but one of the two people does not want this contact to happen.
The 1994 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XVII Olympic Winter Games, were celebrated in 1994 in Lillehammer, Norway.
The 1992 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XVI Olympic Winter Games, were celebrated in 1992 in Albertville, France.
The 1980 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XIII Olympic Winter Games, were celebrated in 1980 in Lake Placid, New York, United States of America.
The Maya peoples form a diverse range of the Native American peoples of southern Mexico and northern Central America.
The cor anglais, or English horn, is a double reed instrument in the woodwind family.
William D Toone, or Bill Toone is a professional Conservation Biologist, based in the San Diego area.
Topoxte was a Maya city in the past.
Mayapan was a Maya city.
The Committee of Union and Progress was a political group.
Dardanelles is a narrow strait in northwestern Turkey connecting the Aegean Sea to the Sea of Marmara.
Biescas is a town in the province of Huesca, Aragon.
Gloucester  is a city and district in the English county of Gloucestershire.
Ciscaucasus may refer to one of the following .
Fore-Caucasus  is a region to North of the Caucasus Major  mountains of Caucasus and farther bounded by Kuma-Manych Depression from the North, Sea of Azov and Kerch Strait from the West, and Caspian Sea from the East.
The North Caucasus is the northern part of the Caucasus region between Europe and Asia.
Greater Caucasus, sometimes known as "Caucasus Major", "Big Caucasus" or "Large Caucasus") is the major mountain range of Caucasus mountains.
Mount Elbrus  is a peak located in the western Caucasus mountains, in Kabardino-Balkaria and Karachay-Cherkessia, Russia, near the border of Georgia.
The Dominican Republic has thirty-one  provinces .
Reductio ad absurdum is a Latin phrase.
An Artificial sweetener or Sugar substitute is a chemical.
Lawrence Mark "Larry" Sanger  is a person who worked with Jimmy Wales to create the internet encyclopedias Nupedia and Wikipedia before he created his own online encyclopedias Digital Universe and Citizendium.
Cats is a musical by Andrew Lloyd Webber, who wrote the music.
An independent movie, or independent film , is the name usually given to a film that is made by a small movie studio for not much money.
"Flower Power" was a 1960s catchphrase, used by hippies and other people who were against war and violence.
Cargo cult is name given to several religions.
Walloon is a Romance language.
Gallo is one of the two regional languages of Brittany.
Diethyl ether, which is also called ether, is a clear and colorless liquid that burns very easily.
A carriage is how people moved around before cars were invented.
Lozi, also known as Silozi and Rozi, is a Bantu language of the Niger-Congo language family.
Ruhleben P.O.W.
The M249 Squad Automatic Weapon  is a gun used by many countries around the world.
The Toronto Symphony Orchestra is a very gay and no one should listen to them.
The Vattenfall Cyclassics is a cycling race held every year in Hamburg, Germany.
The Gothic language is an extinct Germanic language.
Sir Ernest MacMillan  was a famous Canadian conductor and composer.
Colin McRae  was a Scottish Rally car driver.
Benjamin Dale  was a British composer.
"The Chaser’s War on Everything" is a comedy television series.
Illyria was a ancient region in the western part of today's Balkan Peninsula, by tribes of Illyrians a old people who spoke the Illyrian languages.
The Battle of Kosovo was a battle between Serbian forces and the Ottoman Empire.
Worcester is a city in the West Midlands region of England.
Stoke-on-Trent is a city in Staffordshire in the West Midlands region of England.
Triton "," or Neptune I, is the planet Neptune's largest moon and the seventh largest moon in the Solar System.
Kulykol is a lake in northeastern Kazakhstan.
Pierre Curie  was a French physicist.
Hindustani is a language.
Masala or Massala is a word used in India.
The Maya languages  is a group of languages spoken in Central America.
Soconusco is a region of the Mexican state of Chiapas.
Chiapas is the southernmost state of Mexico.
Urbanism is the study of cities.
Teotihuacán was a city in pre-Columbian America.
"Deadwood" is an American dramatic television series.
Tim Minear  is an American screenwriter and director.
A Lamella  is a soft, thin plate attached to the bony gill arches in a fish's gills.
Lamella is a Latin word meaning "layer", or something which is like a "plate".
Sütterlinschrift, Sütterlin or Suetterlin script is a form of German handwriting.
The Runic calendar also "Rune staff" or "Runic Almanac" is a perpetual calendar based on the 19 year long Metonic cycle of the Moon.
Agha Petros  was an Assyrian General during World War I.
Classical Latin is the form of the Latin language used by the ancient Romans and is mostly known as "classical" Latin literature.
Syriac  is an Eastern Aramaic language that was spoken long ago across much of the Fertile Crescent.
Louis Charles Antoine Desaix  was a general of France.
Monte Melkonian  was a well-known Armenian military commander in the Nagorno-Karabakh war.
The Israel Defense Forces   for the Defense of Israel", known in Israel by the Hebrew acronym צה"ל, Tzahal), is the name of Israel's military forces, and the Israeli Army, Air Force and Sea Corps.
The Constitution of the Dominican Republic says that the country is a presidential democratic republic.
Massacres in Harput District also Kharput were a large scale of massacres that happened in the district.
The Tour de Pologne  is a road bicycle racing stage race.
"Atlas Shrugged" is a long book by the Russian philosopher Ayn Rand, first published in 1957 in the United States.
Basilisks are a type lizards.
The Hindu calendar used in ancient times has changed during regionalization, and today there are several regional Indian calendars, and an Indian national calendar.
The Taínos were pre-Columbian indigenous people that came from the Caribbean coast of South America, going northward to the island chain of the Lesser Antilles to the Greater Antilles, around 1200 CE.
The "New York Times", often called just the "Times" is a newspaper maker in New York City and is made worldwide.
The Nairi  were a late Bronze Age people who lived in the area of the later Kingdom of Urartu, around Lake Van, in what is now the East Anatolia Region.
Hayasa-Azzi or Azzi-Hayasa, Haisa  were a people and area, in North of the Euphrates and to the South of Hayasa.
Ancient Armenia was a rocky land of ravines, rivers, rugged cliffs, and hundreds of stone monuments and churches.
An audition is a test to see whether a person is good enough to take part in a play or concert or to join a theatre company, dance company or orchestra.
Nikolai Vasilievich Gogol   was a Ukrainian writer.
This page contains a list  of presidents of the Dominican Republic.
Sir Thomas Francis Wade  was a London-born British diplomat and sinologist who produced a syllabary in 1859 that was later amended, extended and converted into the Wade-Giles Romanization for Mandarin Chinese by Herbert Giles in 1892.
Remus Lupin is a character in the "Harry Potter" book series written by J.
An anagram is a puzzle where the player has to rearrange all the letters in a word to make a new word.
A werewolf is a mythical monster.
The Paneuropean Picnic  was an event that took place on the border between Austria and Hungary near Sopron, Hungary.
The San Diego Wild Animal Park is a zoo in the San Pasqual Valley area of San Diego, California.
Tulip  is a potflower plant.
Wolverhampton is a city in England.
Nubia was an ancient African Kingdom.
David Michael Bautista , better known as Dave Batista or by the ring name Batista, is an American professional wrestler.
Risk is a board game which is played with two to six players each with different coloured army men.
Growth means an increase in some quantity over time.
The term cell growth is used in two different ways in biology.
DNA replication is the process of copying a double-stranded DNA molecule.
Pushing Daisies is an American television series that originally aired on the ABC network in October 2007.
"Journeyman" is an U.S.A.
Chuck is an American television series that started on the NBC network on September 24, 2007.
Bionic Woman is a science fiction television series which started on the NBC network on September 26, 2007.
The 1972 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XI Olympic Winter Games, were celebrated in 1972 in Sapporo, Japan.
The 1956 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XVI Olympiad, were held in 1956 in Melbourne, Australia.
The 1904 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the III Olympiad, were held in St.
Stepanakert  is the capital city of the Nagorno-KarabakhRepublic, a de facto independent republic.
Sir Charles Drummond Ellis  was a physicist and scientific administrator.
The following is a list of Southern Hemisphere cyclone seasons.
Sir James Chadwick,  was an English physicist and Nobel Prize winner who is best known for discovering the neutron.
Francombat is a French martial art similar to jiu-jitsu.
The classic cycle races are the most important one-day professional cycling road races in the international "calendar"  All of the races are run in western Europe.
A criterium, or crit, is a type of bicycle race held on a short course , often run on closed-off city centre streets.
In chemistry, valence electrons are the electrons in the outside or "valence" electron shell of an atom.
Flamingos  are birds.
Magnesium oxide, or magnesia, is a white solid mineral, made of one part magnesium and one part oxygen.
A movie studio, or film studio, is a place where movies are made.
The Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré is an annual cycling road race, run over eight stages in the Dauphiné region in France during the first half of June.
The 1900 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the II Olympiad, were held in 1900 in Paris, France.
The 1998 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XVIII Olympic Winter Games, were celebrated in 1998 in Nagano, Japan.
Mont Ventoux is a mountain in the Provence region of southern France, about 20 km north-east of Carpentras, Vaucluse.
In baseball, a designated hitter  is a person who bats in place of the pitcher in the American League of Major League Baseball.
The 1968 Winter Olympics, officially known as the X Olympic Winter Games, were celebrated in 1968 Grenoble, France and opened on February 6.
The 1964 Winter Olympics, officially known as the IX Olympic Winter Games, were celebrated in Innsbruck, Austria, from January 29 to February 9, 1964.
Counterculture is a term used in psychology and sociology.
A hippie  is a label for a person who feels attached to a certain counterculture that started in the United States and spread to other countries in the 1960s.
Pouch is the Hebrew word for the Jewish code of laws.
A stereotype is an idea or belief  about what another person is like, based on what group that person belongs to.
Tom Simpson  was an English road racing cyclist who died of exhaustion on the slopes of Mont Ventoux riding the 13th stage of the Tour de France in 1967.
In chemistry and nuclear physics, the electron cloud is a way to describe where electrons are when they go around the nucleus of an atom.
9-1-1 or 911  is the emergency telephone number for the United States, Canada, and Argentina.
An emergency is a situation in which a risk to health, life, property or environment is about to happen.
German Jews are Jews of German descent, or Jews living in Germany.
Post Mortem are two Latin words, which mean "after death".
The term Sexual revolution was coined by Wilhelm Reich in his book "The Sexual Revolution".
Peter Martyr d'Anghiera  was an Italian-born historian of Spain and of the discoveries and explorations in the Americas.
Wilhelm Reich  was an Austrian-American psychiatrist and psychoanalyst.
Jules Massenet (born Montaud nr.
The Tokyo Game Show is one of the biggest conferences for video games in the world.
İsmail Enver  , he was known to European powers as Enver Pasha  or Enver Bey and he was a Turkish military officer and a leader of the Young Turk revolution.
Choline is an organic compound.
La Borinqueña is the national anthem of Puerto Rico.
Boy was Irish rock group U2's first album, from the year 1980.
Ergastic substances are non-protoplasm materials that one can find in cells.
Adenine is a chemical component of DNA and RNA.
Year 888 was a leap year starting on Monday of the Gregorian calendar.
Harris Scarfe is an Australian department store.
Flushing is a neighborhood in the Queens borough of New York City.
An atlas is a collection of maps or manifolds, traditionally bound into book form, but also found in multimedia formats.
T-Mobile Team  is a professional cycling team competing in international road bicycle races.
T-Mobile is a mobile  network operator headquartered in Bonn, Germany.
"Disambiguation: see also simple English" AECMA Simplified English is a controlled language  developed for aerospace  industry  maintenance manuals .
Thymine, also known as 5-methyluracil, is found in the nucleic acid DNA.
A Probability distribution is a term from mathematics.
The Binomial distribution is a probability distribution.
The Poisson distribution is a probability distribution.
Samaná is a Dominican province, located in the northeastern part of the country, occupying the whole Samaná Peninsula.
In Computer Science, an interpreter is a computer program that performs commands written in a computer programming language.
The flag of the United Arab Emirates  is used to represent, or show, the United Arab Emirates.
"The Donna Reed Show" was an American situation comedy.
Daniel Louis Castellaneta  is an Emmy award winning American actor and comedian best known for providing the voice of Homer Simpson and other characters on the long-running FOX animated series "The Simpsons".
Team Milram is an Italian-registered UCI ProTeam established in 2006.
A Perrierbambus is a kind of bamboo that grows in Madagascar.
In probability theory and statistics, the chi-square distribution  is one of the most widely used theoretical probability distributions.
In Statistics, a null hypothesis is a hypothesis.
Timothy Francis Leary,  was an American writer and psychologist.
Ralph Metzner is an American psychologist, and writer.
A rock band is a group  of musicians who play rock music.
The "Book of the Dead" is a name for an Egyptian text.
Team Gerolsteiner  is a German road bicycle racing team in the UCI ProTour.
The 2006-2007 UCI Oceania Tour is the third season of the UCI Oceania Tour of professional road bicycle racing held in various countries throughout the Oceania region.
In biology, natural selection is the process where organisms with favourable traits are more likely to reproduce.
Devanāgarī is an abugida script used to write North Indian languages, including Sanskrit, Bangla, Hindi, Marathi, Sindhi, Bihari, Bhili, Konkani, Bhojpuri, Nepal Bhasa and Nepali from Nepal and sometimes Kashmiri and Romani .
The UCI ProTour is the series of races for the top cycling teams.
Zacharias Efron, born October 18, 1987 in San Luis Obispo, is an American actor and singer.
The word fiddle means a violin when used in folk music.
A Hardanger fiddle or hardingfele in Norwegian, is a traditional string instrument used mainly in the south west of Norway.
Auguste Rodin  was a French sculptor.
Joseph John "Joe" Cole is an English professional football player.
The rebec is a bowed string musical instrument that was played many hundreds of years ago.
A resonator is something that makes a sound bigger.
Joshua David Bell  is an American violinist.
An elastic modulus, or modulus of elasticity, is the mathematical description of an object or substance's tendency to be deformed elastically (i.e.
ISO 3166-1 is not the only standard for country codes.
This is a list of Harris Scarfe stores trading under the Harris Scarfe name.
Atlas, most commonly means a collection of maps, traditionally bound into book form.
The "lira da braccio" was a European string instrument that was played with a bow.
Atlas was a missile built by the "Convair" Division of "General Dynamics".
The flag of the Dominican Republic, as described by Article 95 of the Dominican Constitution, has a white cross in the center that extends to the sides of the flag and divides the flag into four rectangles —the left rectangles are blue  and red, and the right ones are red  and blue.
Southampton is a city in the United Kingdom.
The Lhasa Apso is a small breed of dog.
The states and territories of Australia make up the Commonwealth of Australia under a federal system of government.
The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show is an alternative name for two separate American television animated shows: Rocky and His Friends  and The Bullwinkle Show .
James Henderson "Jimmy" Finlayson  was a Scottish-American actor who worked in both silent and sound comedies.
Image:Body mass index chart.svg|right|300px|thumb|A graph of body mass index is shown above.
The middle age is the period of life between young adult and before old age.
A tribute  is wealth one party gives to another as a sign of respect or, as was often case in historical situations, of submission or loyalty.
Brandy Norwood , professionally known as Brandy, is a Grammy Award-winning American R&B singer, songwriter, dancer, and actress.
Kew Gardens, with full name Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, are a collection of gardens , and glasshouses between Richmond, London and Kew, London.
"Yo Gabba Gabba!" is a children's television program.
"Post" is an album by Icelandic singer Björk.
Grime is a genre of urban music which first emerged in London in the early 2000s, primarily a development of UK garage, drum and bass, dancehall and hip hop.[1] Grime music can usually be defined by the beat of the music-130-145 beats per minute, and the strong London accent rapping in a fast and aggressive style.Grime is sometimes associated with dubstep, a similar but largely instrumental genre which also evolved from the early 2000s UK garage scene.
A landscape means an area of land as one can see it.
Dell is a company that makes laptop and desktop computers and computer accessories.
Svartahrid is a black metal band from Norway.
Marcel Mangel , better known by his stage name Marcel Marceau, was a well-known mime.
Bugs Bunny was an Academy Award-winning animated rabbit who starred in the "Looney Tunes" and "Merrie Melodies" series created by Warner Bros.
The "Kaz II" is a 12 metre catamaran that was found drifting 160 km  off the northern coast of Australia on April 18, 2007.
The Simpsons shorts is a series of one-minute television shorts that ran on the variety show "The Tracey Ullman Show" for three seasons.
James L.
Wireless Fidelity or Wi-Fi is a wireless brand owned by the Wi-Fi Alliance.
A digital object identifier  is a permanent way of identifying a document, which is not related to its current location.
Encyclopaedia Metallum: The Metal Archives is a website which lists bands from various forms of heavy metal music.
Nineteen Eighty-Four .
Tropical Depression Ten was a short-lived tropical cyclone that moved onto land on western Florida in September 2007.
Copyright infringement of software  refers to the illegal copying of software, music or films or the spread of these things on the Internet.
BIONICLE is a popular line of toys produced by the Lego Company in 2001.
In botany, "flora"  has two meanings.
Flora is plant life as distinct from animal life ; or, a book or other work that describes the plant species in a particular area or region.
Eric Daniel Pierre Cantona  is a French former footballer.
Twin Towns are towns or cities in different countries which are paired to encourage human contact and cultural links.
The Buffyverse is a fictional universe created by writer/director Joss Whedon.
Volume can mean loudness, for example, in the volume control on computers and televisions which lets you tell the unit how loud you want its sound to be.
Lubricant is a term used to describe things that reduce friction.
The Atlas Mountains (ar.
Genetic drift is the effect that random chance has on evolution.
The 1956 Winter Olympics, officially known as the VII Olympic Winter Games, were celebrated in 1956 in Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy.
A feather duster is a tool used for cleaning.
Electrostatics  is the branch of physics that deals with apparently stationary electric charges.
The coat of arms of the Dominican Republic, as described by Article 96 of the Dominican Constitution, has a shield supported by an olive branch  and a palm leaf ; above the shield, a blue ribbon displays the national motto: "Dios, Patria, Libertad" .
Eustis is a city in Lake County, Florida, United States.
Fort Walton Beach is a city in Okaloosa County, Florida, United States.
A supercell is a strong type of thunderstorm with a thick, rotating updraft .
Kathleen Babineaux Blanco  is the current governor of Louisiana.
The Armenian hypothesis suggests that the Proto-Indo-European languages was spoken in the Armenian Highland in the 3rd millennium BC.
Wilsonian Armenia is used for the borders that were drawn by Woodrow Wilson at the Treaty of Sèvres.
Yasuo Fukuda  was Prime Minister of Japan, 2007-2008.
Mercenaries are soldiers who fight mainly for money, rather than for their country or for their political beliefs.
Kere is a lake in Kazakhstan, in Akmola Province.
Jean-Pierre Jeunet  is a French movie director.
Graham Yost is a Canadian movie and television screenwriter.
A longboat is a long boat used by the Vikings.
Jarrow is a town in England.
The 1952 Winter Olympics, officially known as the VI Olympic Winter Games, were celebrated in 1952 in Oslo, Norway.
The anticipated 1940 Summer Olympics, which were to be officially known as Games of the XII Olympiad and originally scheduled to be celebrated between September 21 and October 6 1940 in Tokyo, Empire of Japan, were cancelled because of World War II.
The 1936 Winter Olympics, officially known as the IV Olympic Winter Games, were celebrated in 1936 in the town of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Bavaria, Germany.
In anatomy, the atlas is the top "cervical vertebra"  of the spine.
Vertebrae  are the individual irregular bones that make up the spinal column  — a flexuous and flexible column.
The 1928 Winter Olympics, officially known as the II Olympic Winter Games, were celebrated in 1928 in St.
For the purposes of local government, England is divided into as many as four levels of administrative divisions.
The 1928 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the IX Olympiad, were held in 1928 in Amsterdam, Netherlands.
The 1924 Winter Olympics, officially known as the I Olympic Winter Games, were celebrated in 1924 in Chamonix, Haute-Savoie, France between 25 January and 5 February 1924.
Realism is a word that can be used in many different ways.
A ridge is a stretched out area of high atmospheric pressure compared to normal recorded pressures.
Hurricane Hunters are special aircrafts that fly into or around a tropical cyclone to gather information .
St.
Phencyclidine , shortened as PCP, is a dissociative drug that gives the user hallucinogenic and neurotoxic effects.
Philodendron  is the name commonly given to some species of the Arum family, Araceae.
Sagittarius is the astrological Zodiac sign that represents the constellation Sagittarius.
Shell Oil Company is an oil company that is one of the most popular oil and gas producers in the United States.
Noble Energy, Inc.
The Pakenham Railway Line is a Railway in Melbourne, Victoria.
The Austrian Empire was an empire that lasted in Europe from 1804 to 1867.
The pilot fish  is a fish that lives in many places of the world.
Bălţi is the third-largest city in the country of Moldova.
Floyd Landis  is an American cyclist, now best remembered because of the Tour de France 2006 doping scandal.
Óscar Pereiro is a cyclist from Spain.
The Hawksbill Sea Turtle is an endangered species of turtle.
The 1924 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the VIII Olympiad, were held in 1924 in Paris, France.
The 1906 Summer Olympics, also called the 1906 Intercalated Games, were held in Athens, Greece.
The 2012 Summer Olympic Games, officially known as the Games of the XXX Olympiad, will be held in London, United Kingdom from 27 July to 12 August 2012, followed by the 2012 Paralympic Games from 29 August to 9 September.
The 1952 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XV Olympiad, were held in 1952 in Helsinki, Finland.
The 1948 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XIV Olympiad, were held in 1948 at Wembley Stadium in London, England.
The anticipated 1944 Summer Olympics, which were to be officially known as the Games of the XIII Olympiad, were cancelled because of World War II.
The 1920 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the VII Olympiad, were held in 1920 in Antwerp, Belgium.
The anticipated 1916 Summer Olympics, which were to be officially known as the Games of the VI Olympiad, were to have been held in Berlin, Germany.
Morphology is a way of studying language .
In linguistics, syntax is the study of the rules that govern the structure of sentences.
The 1912 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the V Olympiad, were held in 1912 in Stockholm, Sweden.
Vyacheslav Vsevolodovich Ivanov  is a Soviet/Russian historical linguist.
Tamaz  V.
The Georgian alphabet is used to write in the Georgian language and other Kartvelian languages.
Cytosine is one of the 5 main nucleobases used in storing and transporting genetic information within a cell in the nucleic acids DNA and RNA.
The 1908 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the IV Olympiad, were held in 1908 in London, England.
Guanine is one of the five main nucleobases found in the nucleic acids DNA and RNA.
The glottalic theory says that Proto-Indo-European had ejective stops instead of voiced ones, namely p’ t’ k’ rather than b d g, to the traditional reconstruction of the Proto-Indo-European sound system.
The Proto-Indo-Europeans are the speakers of the newer version of the Proto-Indo-European language, a prehistoric people of the Chalcolithic and early Bronze Age or some say to some modern theories at Neolithic or even Paleolithic.
Urheimat  is a linguistic term meaning the original homeland of the speakers of a proto-language.
The Anatolian hypothesis of Proto-Indo-European origin means that the speakers of the Proto-Indo-European language lived in Anatolia during the Neolithic era, and is close to the bigger of historical Indo-European languages with the widening during the Neolithic Revolution during the seventh and sixth millennia.
Rafael Ishkhanyan or Ishkhanian  is a well-known Armenian philologist and historian.
A Cross-country race is any running race that takes place on different types of terrain.
A long distance race is any running event that is longer than 3000m on the track.
"distinguish the Warsaw Pact, which was a defence treaty between Eastern European nations" The Warsaw Convention is an international convention which regulates liability for international carriage of persons, luggage or goods performed by aircraft for reward.
Coroner was a thrash metal band from Switzerland.
Ritchies is the largest independent supermarket group in the IGA network.
Margaret Natalie Smith DBE  is a British actress.
Blood Tsunami is a thrash metal band from Oslo, Norway.
Bates College is a American liberal arts college in Lewiston, Maine.
Suffolk University is an American university in Boston, Massachusetts.
A small glass stem with a funnel shaped 'bowlpiece' where the substance is placed to be smoked.
French literature is the literature of France.
The Treaty of Warsaw  is a treaty between West Germany and the People's Republic of Poland.
The History of Poland is the history of rather different territories during the past millennium.
The term "Polish-Lithuanian union" means a development from personal union between the Kingdom of Poland and the Grand Duchy of Lithuania to the creation of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth — the "Republic of the Two Nations" — in 1569 and eventually to the creation of a short-lived unitary state in 1791.
A personal union is a relationship of two or more sovereign states, which, through law, share the same person as their head of state.
Scordatura in music is a technique in which players of string instruments tune their strings to different notes from a normal tuning.
The 2028 Summer Olympics, which will be officially known as the Games of the XXXIV Olympiad, is an international athletic event that has yet to be organized by the International Olympic Committee.
The Armenian Origin of the Etruscans shows a link between the Armenians and the Etruscans.
The Etruscan language was spoken and written by Etruscan civilization in the ancient area of Etruria  and in parts of Lombardy, Veneto, and Emilia-Romagna , in Italy.
The Albanian language is a Indo-European language.
The Trialeti culture was seen around the 2nd millennium B.C.
The Kura-Araxes culture or the Early trans-Caucasian culture, a people that lived from 3400 B.C until about 2000 B.C.
Biodiesel is a type of fuel prepared by modifying vegetable oil.
Nimrod  according to the Bible was the son of Cush, grandson of Ham and a "mighty hunter before the Lord" who built cities at Akkad, Erech , and Babel.
Julie Deborah Kavner  is an Emmy Award-winning American actress, best known for playing Brenda Morgenstern on "Rhoda" in the 1970s, as an actress in several Woody Allen-directed films and playing the voice of Marge Simpson on the animated television show "The Simpsons".
Age of Empires is a series of real-time strategy computer games made by Ensemble studios and published by Microsoft Game Studios.
A bridge on a string instrument is something that stands on the body of the instrument and supports the strings.
Brazilwood or Pau-Brasil, sometimes known as Pernambuco ("Caesalpinia echinata" syn.
Chav, Charv/Charver  and Chavette   are mainly negative slang words in the United Kingdom for a subcultural stereotype of people who wear fashions based on American Hip-hop such as fake gold jewellery and designer clothing, combined with elements of working class British street fashion.
The council house is a form of public housing found in Ireland and the United Kingdom, sometimes called social housing in modern times.
"Midnight Madness" is a 1980 comedy movie from Walt Disney Productions, starring David Naughton.
Barvas or Barabhas is a village on the Isle of Lewis.
The Isle of Lewis is an island in the Western Isles in Scotland.
Stornoway is the biggest town in the whole of the Western Isles.
Isle of Skye is an island in the Inner Hebrides in Scotland.
The 2024 Summer Olympics, which will be officially known as the Games of the XXXIII Olympiad, is an international athletic event that will be organized by the International Olympic Committee.
The 2022 Winter Olympics, formally called the XXIV Olympic Winter Games is a sporting event that the International Olympic Committee has yet to organize.
Guarneri is the name of a family of famous violin makers from Cremona in Italy in the 17th and 18th centuries.
Amati is the name of a family of Italian violin makers.
The Guardians of Scotland were appointed to act as King during the two "interregnums" of 1290-1292 and 1296-1302.
Alvin Burke, Jr.
A pretzel  is a baked snack that is traditionally twisted into a unique knot-like shape.
Shoplifting is theft by stealing goods or money from a retail store.
A portrait is a painting or a photograph of a person's face and its expression.
A steroid is a drug that helps a person do better in areas such as sports, as well as give them more physical strength.
Road rage is a word used to mean to violent behavior by a driver of an automobile, which can possibly create accidents on the streets.
Graceland is a 13.8 acre estate and large white-colored mansion that was owned by Elvis Presley.
"High School Musical 2" is a 2007 Disney television movie movie.
Harry Julius Shearer  is an American comedic actor and writer.
Nancy Campbell Cartwright  is an American voice actress.
CoCo Lee  is a Chinese pop, dance and urban contemporary singer.
Daniel Schneidermann  is a French journalist.
A pound is a unit used to measure the mass  of something.
Eastern Armenia was a part of Ottoman Armenia and Persian that was merged with the Russian empire.
Western Armenia , also referred to as Byzantine Armenia, later Turkish Armenia, or Ottoman Armenia is a term coined following the division of Greater Armenia between Byzantine Empire  and Persia  in 387 AC.
The Kingdom of Poland of the Jagiellons lasted from 1385 to 1569.
The Jagiellons were a royal dynasty that came from Lithuania and reigned in some Central European countries  between the 14th and 16th century.
D'oh! , is a famous catchphrase created by the fictional character Homer Simpson, from the popular animated television series, "The Simpsons".
Aqua regia  is a chemical substance.
is the Japanese "kami"  of fertility, rice, agriculture, foxes, industry, and success.
The Kurgan model of Indo-European origins is on both archaeology and linguistics to show detailed archaeological cultures with different stages of the Indo-European expansion.
Marija Gimbutas  , was a Lithuanian-American archeologist known for her research into the Neolithic and Bronze Age cultures of "Old Europe", a new thing she introduced.
The Luwians also known as "Luvians" were a people closely related to the Hittites.
Phrygia  was a kingdom in the west central part of the Anatolia.
White Genocide  is the word Western Armenians use to describe assimilation in the West.
Didier Yves Drogba Tébily is a professional football player from the Ivory Coast.
Muscatine is a city in Muscatine County, Iowa.
The Armenian Army is the army of Armenia.
The Armenian Air Defense is the anti-aircraft group of the Armed Forces of Armenia.
The Armed Forces of the Republic of Armenia is the Army, Air Force, Air Defense, and Border Guard.
President of Armenia is the head of state of Armenia since its independence from the Soviet Union in 1991.
Levon Ter-Petrosyan  , also Levon Ter-Petrosyan, was the President of Armenia from 1991 to 1998.
In music tuning an instrument means getting it ready so that when it is played it will sound at the correct pitch: not too high or too low.
This is a list of Members of the Red Army Faction.
The Captain of Köpenick  was a German shoemaker, criminal and impostor who became world-famous in 1906 for a trick he played in Berlin when he pretended to be a Captain in the army.
The Hittites were an ancient people from Kaneš who spoke an Indo-European language, and established a kingdom centered at Hattusa  in north-central Anatolia from the 18th century BC.
Suppiluliuma II, the son of Tudhaliya IV, was the last known king of the New Kingdom of the Hittite Empire, ruling 1207 BCE – c.1178 BCE, contemporary with Tukulti-Ninurta I of Assyira.
The Parthian empire had a friendly relations with the Armenians.
The Battle of Rhandeia was a battle fought between Armenia and Parthia against the Roman Empire.
Hydrochloric acid is a chemical compound.
Kobayr  is a 12th century Armenian Apostolic Church monastery.
Hnevank  is a 7th century Armenian Apostolic Church monastery.
Huntington's disease is a genetic disease that can be passed on from parent to child.
Adenoidectomy is the process of taking out a persons' adenoids from the back of their throat through the process of surgery.
The Turkish Armenian Reconciliation Commission was made in 2001 to help Turkey and Armenia be closer.
ROT13  is a very simple form of encryption cipher.
Tony Kahn is an American radiohost, narrator, and writer who has won many awards.
DDT is a well-known pesticide.
Nucleobases are important for genetics.
Kėdainiai is a town in the center of Lithuania.
In molecular biology, two nucleotides on opposite complementary DNA or RNA strands that are connected by hydrogen bonds are called a base pair .
In molecular biology, complementarity is a property  of nucleic acids such as DNA and RNA.
In music a glissando is a slide up or down the notes of a scale.
The Almudena Cathedral  is a Catholic cathedral in Madrid, Spain.
The Puerta de Europa towers  are two office buildings in Madrid.
In music, portamento is a gradual slide from one note to another.
A hydrogen bond is a special type of dipole-dipole bond that exists between an electronegative atom and a hydrogen atom bonded to another electronegative atom.
Thalidomide is a drug.
The United Arab Republic was a country formed in 1957 when Egypt and Syria joined together.
A drop goal, also referred to as a dropped goal or field goal, is a method of scoring points in rugby union and rugby league.
The "Sibylline Books" were a collection of prophecies in rhyme written in Greek.
The 2020 Summer Olympics, which will be officially known as the Games of the XXXII Olympiad is a sporting event that the International Olympic Committee  has yet to organize.
The 2016 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXXI Olympiad is a major international sports and cultural event.
Molecular biology is the study of biology at a molecular level.
One can find Uracil in RNA, it base pairs with adenine and is replaced by thymine in DNA.
Double stopping means playing two notes at once on a bowed string instrument by drawing the bow across two strings at once while "stopping" two notes by pressing the fingers down on the fingerboard: one finger on each of the two strings being played.
Saar was the name of the Saarland after World War Two, when it was under French control.
The Law of large numbers  is a theorem from statistics.
Hennes & Mauritz AB , is a Swedish clothing company.
Luchegorsk (Russian:Лучегорск, lit.
"The Tell-Tale Heart" is an 1843 short story by Edgar Allan Poe.
In French, one calls boxe pieds-poings , since the years 1980, the combat sports of striking with boxing gloves.
Vibrato is a series of very quick changes up and down to the pitch of a note.
The glockenspiel is a type of percussion instrument.
"Titan A.E." is a 2000 animated science fiction movie from Fox Animation Studios and Twentieth Century Fox.
Nigella Lawson  is an English television chef, journalist, television presenter and food-writer.
Pittsburg is a city in the American state of Texas.
Level 42 is a Pop band from the United Kingdom.
Johann Heinrich Schmelzer  was a German composer.
The Oireachtas is the national parliament of Ireland.
A quasar  happens when gas around a black hole goes in the black hole.
Dáil Éireann is the lower house of the parliament of Ireland.
The Taoiseach is the head of the government in Ireland.
Anton Webern  was an Austrian composer.
Seanad Éireann is the second house of the Irish parliament, the Oireachtas.
Tseghakron  began in Sofia in 1920s headed by Garegin Njdeh.
Protein biosynthesis  is when cells build proteins.
A California hurricane is a tropical cyclone that affects the state of California.
The National Weather Service  is one of the six scientific agencies that make up the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration  of the United States government.
Yuma is a city in and the county seat of Yuma County, Arizona, United States.
A storm surge is a sudden rise of water hitting areas close to the coastline.
The California Current is a Pacific Ocean current that starts along the northwestern United States coast and ends on the southern tip of the Baja California peninsula.
The Baja California Peninsula or Lower California is a peninsula of North America.
Sukkot  is a Jewish festival.
"Waterworld" is a 1995 science fiction movie.
Kevin Michael Costner  is an American film actor, director and producer.
Douglas Hyde  was the first President of Ireland from 1938 to 1945.
Cearbhall Ó Dálaigh  served as fifth President of Ireland, from 1974 to 1976.
Translation is the second process of protein biosynthesis .
Gene expression is the process by which the inheritable information in a gene, such as the DNA sequence, is made into a functional gene product, such as protein or RNA.
"Curtis" is the third album by rapper 50 Cent.
The Šarplaninac   is a large-sized shepherd dog breed of the Balkan region, from the Šar mountains .
El Limón  is a Municipal district of Santa Bárbara de Samaná, Samaná province, Dominican Republic.
Théodore Chassériau  was a French romantic painter noted for his portraits, historical and religious paintings, and images inspired by his travels to Algeria.
In physics, chemistry, and biology, intermolecular forces are forces that act between stable molecules or between functional groups of macromolecules.
Tanystropheus is a long necked reptile that lived in the Middle Triassic period.
Yuryuzan  is town in Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia.
Sim  is town in Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia.
Duff Beer is a fictional alcoholic drink shown in the animated television series "The Simpsons".
The Sassuntsi-Davit Tank Regiment  Regiment) was a Soviet separate tank regiment during the Second World War, it had a lot of ethnic Armenians.
Sursk  is town in Penza Oblast, Russia.
Lipki  is town in Tula Oblast, Russia.
Lage is a city in the Lippe district of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, approximatively 8 km northwest of Detmold.
Venture capital is a type of private equity capital.
Moment of inertia, also called mass moment of inertia, is the rotational analog of mass.
Multiple choice questions ask people to choose the answer from a list.
In physics, the angular velocity specifies the angular speed at which an object is rotating along with the direction in which it is rotating.
In physics , angular frequency ω  is a scalar measure of rotation rate.
In physics and mathematics, a pseudovector  is a quantity that transforms like a vector under a proper rotation, but gains an additional sign flip under an improper rotation .
"Twister" is a 1996 disaster movie.
A spoke is one of several rods radiating from the center of a wheel , connecting the hub with the round traction surface.
Nickel Creek is an American acoustic musical group.
The violin is a string instrument that is played with a bow.
The Midwestern United States  is a name for the north-central states of the United States of America.
An examination is a special test to see how good somebody is at something.
In England, Ireland, Republic of Ireland, Irish Republic and Southern Ireland are sometimes used as if they are different words for the same country.
Super Smash Bros.
Final Fantasy Tactics Advance is a role-playing game made by Square Enix for the Nintendo Game Boy Advance.
"X-Men" is a 2000 superhero movie based upon the fictional characters the.
Kingston upon Hull, often shortened to Hull, is a city and unitary authority in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.
In the United Kingdom, a riding was a section of a large county.
Pulkkila is a small village in Northern Finland.
Emmental cheese  is a Swiss cheese.
Emmental is a part of Switzerland.
The 2001 Pacific hurricane season officially started on May 15, 2001 in the eastern Pacific, and on June 1, 2001 in the central Pacific, and lasted until November 30, 2001.
The 2000 Pacific hurricane season was an ongoing event in tropical cyclone meteorology.
The 2006 Pacific hurricane season was an event in the annual cycle of tropical cyclone formation.
The 1997 Pacific hurricane season was a yearly event in tropical cyclone meteorology.
The 1987 Pacific hurricane season officially started May 15, 1987 in the eastern Pacific, and June 1, 1987 in the central Pacific, and lasted until November 30, 1987.
The 1976 Pacific hurricane season was an ongoing event in tropical cyclone formation.
Kronosaurus was one of the sea species of plesiosaurs, known as pliosaurs, with the distinctive feature of a much shorter, thicker neck.
A Fermat number is a special positive number.
Blowup is a 1966 English-Italian drama movie.
An improper rotation can be understood as an inversion followed by a proper rotation.
Endorphins are proteins that are similar to opioids.
Team Fortress 2 is a multiplayer, first-person shooter video game by a company called Valve Corporation.
Big Black was an American noise rock band.
"Company of Heroes" is a strategy video game where you control soldiers in order to win.
The "Game & Watch" was a series of small, hand-held video games made by Nintendo from 1980 to 1991.
Fecundity, coming from the word "fecund", generally means the ability to reproduce.
 was the second President of Ireland.
A Teachta Dála, is a member of Dáil Éireann, the lower house of the Irish parliament.
Léo Delibes  (born St.
"Rugrats" is an American animated television programme created by Arlene Klasky, Gábor Csupó, and Paul Germain for Nickelodeon.
A Displacement vector is a concept from mathematics.
Enkephalins were the first endorphins that were discovered in the brain.
In biochemistry, receptors are special structures that can be found in cells.
"Coppélia" is a sentimental comic ballet with music by Léo Delibes.
Pan-German Movement  is an ideological and political movement promoting the unification of all German-speaking peoples of Europe.
IMVU is an instant messaging client that uses three dimensional avatars to represent people.
Constance, Countess Markiewicz, born as Constance Georgine Gore-Booth on February 4, 1868, died July 15, 1927), was an Irish Sinn Féin and Fianna Fáil.
Nas is a Hip hop musician .
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland was the formal name of the United Kingdom from 1 January 1801 until 12 April 1927.
Xerox is a brand of copy machines and paper.
Agneta Sjödin  is a Swedish television host.
Baroque is a style epoch.
Éamon de Valera   was one of the dominant political figures in 20th century Ireland.
Operetta is a term which started to be used in the 19th century to describe an opera that was not too serious and often full of fun.
Investiture means the formal installation of somebody  in public office by formally giving him the "insignia".
Insignia  is a symbol or token of personal power, status or office, or of an official body of government or jurisdiction.
The Irish War of Independence was fought by the Irish Republican Army  against the British soldiers who were trying to keep Ireland under British control.
A bishop  is a piece in the board game of chess.
The Bathurst 1000 is a car race held at Mount Panorama, Bathurst, New South Wales, Australia.
A South Atlantic tropical cyclone is an unusual form of weather event.
Opera buffa is an Italian term meaning “comic opera”.
"Opera seria" is an Italian term which refers to the "serious" style of Italian opera in the 18th century.
Mosbach is a town in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
The 32 historic counties on the island of Ireland.
Melk Abbey or Stift Melk is a Benedictine abbey.
Walenstadt is a small city in the east of Switzerland.
Exhibitionism is a tendency some people have.
Norman Rockwell  was a famous American painter.
The Zuiderzeewerken  are a system of dams, land reclamation and water drainage works, and the] project undertaken by the Netherlands during the twentieth century.
Hugo Alvar Henrik Aalto  was a Finnish architect who made many important contributions to architecture.
The Crook of Devon is a Perthshire village about 6 miles south west of Kinross on the A977.
Opéra comique is a French opera tradition.
A Vaudeville was a French satirical poem or song in the 17th and 18th centuries.
Capelle aan den IJssel is a city at the east side of Rotterdam.
A Poppy is a flower.
A time signature is a set of two numbers, one on top of the other one, written right after the key signature in a piece of music.
RSS is a family of Web feed formats used to publish often updated content such as blog entries, news headlines or podcasts.
A European Union member state is any one of the twenty-seven countries that have joined the European Union  since its inception in 1958 as the European Economic Community .
Quetzals are brightly colored birds in the Americas.
"The Powerpuff Girls" is a 1998 children's cartoon on Cartoon Network about three girls in Kindergarten who have superpowers.
The Teutonic Knights is a Roman Catholic military order.
Renju is a version of the board game Gomoku.
Nainital is a town in the Indian state of Uttarakhand and headquarters of Nainital district in the Kumaon foothills of the outer Himalayas.
"24" is an Emmy and Golden Globe winning American television series broadcast by Fox Network in the USA and shown worldwide.
This is a list of winners and nominations for the Tony Award for Best Musical, first awarded in 1949.
Queen Anne's Revenge was the name of Blackbeard's famous pirate ship.
A brass mouthpiece is the part of a brass instrument that a player blows into to make a sound.
Erskine Hamilton Childers , was the son of Robert Erskine Childers (author of the spy thriller "The Riddle of the Sands".
, is the deputy head of the government of the Republic of Ireland.
The Irish Free State  was the name of the Republic of Ireland from 1922 to 1937.
The 2018 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XXIII Olympic Winter Games, is a sporting event that the International Olympic Committee  has yet to organize and will be celebrated in 2018.
The Kabyles ) are a Berber people.
The Berber languages / Tamazight are a group of closely related languages mainly spoken in Morocco and Algeria.
Southern Ireland was the twenty-six county Irish state created by the Government of Ireland Act 1920.
Züsedom is a small village in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
The Bankstown Bunker was a top secret Australian Air Force base that was once used during the Second World War.
The Master Sword is a sword found in The Legend of Zelda series.
Coldplay is an English rock band formed in 1996 in London.
Sleeping sickness is a disease.
The Ayyubid or Ayyoubid Dynasty was a Muslim dynasty of Kurdish origins which ruled Egypt, Syria, Yemen , Diyar Bakr, Mecca, Hejaz and northern Iraq in the 12th and 13th centuries.
The Executive Council was the cabinet of the Irish Free State, it was headed by the "President of the Executive Council".
Tsetse flies are flies that live in Africa.
.
The P-51 Mustang was an American fighter made by North American Aviation during World War II.
Airsoft is a sport that uses fake guns to battle.
The MiG-15 Fagot was an airplane made by Mikoyan, a Russian airplane maker.
The F-86 Sabre (nicknamed the "Sabre jet" was an American fighter plane made by North American Aviation.
He was Ireland's first EuropeanCommissioner, serving for three years until he became President in 1976.
The MiG-21 Fishbed is an airplane made by Mikoyan.
Pantyhose is a piece of women's clothing that covers the waist down.
Tights are a tight fitting clothing made out of spandex.
Cockatiels are small birds from Australia.
The North Hollywood shootout was a gunfight that happened on Febuary 28, 1997.
The AR-15 is an assault rifle made by ArmaLite in 1958 by Eugene Stoner.
Timpani  are drums that are then made out of large bowls that are then usually made of copper then converted by craftsmen, then after tuning are covered externally, over each of which is then stretched a skin-like material, then a type of vellum, but modern is a synthetic skin.
Hurricane Lorenzo was the twelfth named storm and fourth hurricane of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season.
Supergiants are some of the largest stars in the Universe.
Tipton is a town in the Sandwell borough of the West Midlands, England, with a population of around 47,000.
Organic matter  is matter that has come from a recently living organism.
Mary Robinson  was the first female President of Ireland, serving from 1990 to 1997.
"MotorStorm" is a racing video game.
An athletic shoe is a name for a shoe designed for sporting and physical activities, and is different in style and build than a dress shoe.
"Achtung Baby" is the seventh studio album by Irish rock band U2.
Trail of Tears was a forced movement of Indians in the United States.
Tropical cyclogenesis is a meteorological word used to describe tropical cyclone formation, and its strengthening over the atmosphere.
In Christianity, an archbishop is an important bishop.
Devolution is giving government powers to a less important government body.
5566 is a Taiwanese boy-band.
Fahrenheit  is a Taiwanese boy band.
Laborschule Bielefeld  is school in Bielefeld, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Jody David Scheckter  is a South African former auto racing driver.
The Programme for International Student Assessment is a test done by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development .
Doris Lessing  is a British writer.
Najaf  is a city in Iraq.
Karbala  is a city in Iraq.
"Are You Smarter Than A Fifth Grader?" is a television game show based on asking grade-school level questions to adults.
Washington State University is a state university of Washington, along with the University of Washington.
A land-grant university is a college or university first built on land the United States government owned.
Pullman is a city in Whitman County, on the eastern border of Washington.
The F-8 Crusader was an American fighter plane made by Vought.
The A-7 Corsair II was an attack plane like the F-8 Crusader.
The F-4 Phantom II was an American bomber and fighter mainly during the Vietnam War.
The Kappa  is a character in Japanese folklore.
An Oni is a creature from Japanese folklore.
Tengu are a group of creatures from Japanese folklore.
John McCain  is a United States Senator from Arizona.
wikiHow is a wiki-based website with a collection of articles which tell people how to do things.
Oregano or Pot Marjoram  is a species of "Origanum".
Origanum is a genus of herbs.
Basil   is a plant of the Family Lamiaceae.
A Cockapoo  is a hybrid dog.
The short story is a genre of literature.
The 2014 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XXII Olympic Winter Games, is an international winter sports event that will be celebrated from February 7 to February 23, 2014.
The anticipated 1944 Winter Olympics, which would have been officially known as the V Olympic Winter Games , would have been celebrated in 1944 in Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy.
The 1940 Winter Olympics, should have been held in Sapporo, Japan, on February 3 - 12, 1940.
Alonso González de Berruguete, or   was a Spanish painter, sculptor and architect.
Alonso Sánchez Coello,  was the best portrait painter of the Spanish Renaissance and one of the pioneers of the great tradition of Spanish portrait painting.
The Western European Union  is a European defence and security organization.
Guy Fawkes Night is a festival in Britain, on 5 November.
"Enchanted" is a video game in the Disney Princesses series.
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration  is a scientific agency of the United States government that is focused to monitor the oceans surrounding the United States and the atmosphere.
Tracey Ullman  is a British-born, now U.S.
"The Tracey Ullman Show" was a weekly American television variety show, hosted by British comedian and former pop singer Tracey Ullman.
Joaquín Sorolla y Bastida , was a Spanish painter, born in Valencia.
The work commonly referred to as Laienspiegel is a book of law.
The Berlin Blockade was from June 24 1948 to May 11 1949.
Francisco Herrera the Younger , was a Spanish Baroque painter and architect.
Francisco Herrera  was a distinguished Spanish painter, born at Seville.
The lancelets  are a group of primitive chordates.
A regional Internet registry  is an organization which is responsible for registring Internet numbers in a special part of the world.
"Master of Puppets" is Metallica's third album.
Anna Göldi   was probably the last person in Europe to be executed as a witch.
The Neue Zürcher Zeitung  is a Swiss daily newspaper.
KOffice is a free office suite for the K Desktop Environment .
Senna candolleana or Golden Senna associates with "Lithrea" and "Porlieria chilensis" in Central Chile Matorral or forms pure stands..
Tropical Storm Gabrielle was a moderate tropical storm that moved over eastern North Carolina before turning outwards to the sea.
A Donkey vote is where someone numbers an election ballot paper in the order of the candidates being listed.
Mariano José María Bernardo Fortuny y Carbó , was a Spanish painter.
No Doubt is a third wave ska and alternative rock band from Anaheim, California, United States.
Matchbox Twenty  is an alternative rock band from Orlando, Florida, United States.
Albany is a city in Western Australia.
Kalgoorlie is a city in Western Australia.
Joondalup is a suburb and regional city in Perth, Western Australia.
Mandurah is a city south of Perth, Western Australia.
Bunbury is the third largest city in Western Australia, behind Perth and Mandurah, with a population of 54,967.
Rockingham is a suburb in the city of Perth, Western Australia.
Esperance is a town in Western Australia with a population of 13,269.
The Mandurah railway line is a suburban railway line in Perth, Australia.
Transperth is the name of the brand of the public transport system in Perth, Western Australia.
The Joondalup line is a major public transport railway line in Perth, Western Australia.
The "Armadale railway line is a major public transport route in Perth.
Silverchair is a rock band from Newcastle, Australia.
Avet Terterian  was a leading Armenian composer, awarded by Konrad Adenauer prize.
"Colonel" Bob Denard , also known as Said Mustapha Mahdjoub, was a French mercenary.
Eutheria is the taxonomical name for a group of animals.
Tito Ernesto Beltrán  is a Swedish-Chilean tenor.
Cetartiodactyla is the taxonomical superorder which includes whales  and even-toed ungulates.
Tetrapods  are vertebrate animals.
A Voivodeship, also spelled Voivodship, Voivodina or Vojvodina , "vojvodstvo"  or "vojvodovina" , Hungarian: "vajdaság", Lithuanian: "vaivadija", Latin "Palatinatus" in Poland), is a geographical administrative division dating to medieval Romania, Hungary, Poland, Lithuania, Latvia, Russia and Serbia , ruled by a voivod .
The President of the Republic of Poland  is the president of Poland.
Andrzej Tadeusz Bonawentura Kościuszko  was a Polish and Belarussian national hero, general and a leader of the Kościuszko Uprising  against the Russian Empire.
Wesley "Wes" Archer  is a television animation director.
David Silverman  is an animator and writer.
Bill Kopp  is an American animator and voice actor.
Klasky Csupo, Inc.
Bergkamen is a town in the district of Unna, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Australia's renewable energy industries cover numerous energy sources and stages of commercialisation.
The current status of renewable energy commercialization in the United States varies considerably between different renewable energy technologies, with some being commercialized at the present time.
Low kick is a leg technique used in certain "boxes pieds-poings"  and certain martial arts.
"Spider-Man" is an American 2002 movie.
In Marvel Comics, Benjamin "Ben" Parker, usually called Uncle Ben was Spider-Man’s Uncle.
John Bunyan  was an English tinker, preacher and writer.
A smith, or metalsmith, is a person who makes things from metal.
An allegory  is a story which has a hidden meaning.
Newport Pagnell is a town in England.
The amniotes are a taxonomical family of animals.
The is the "First Mayor" of Hamburg, Germany.
Synapsids , also known as Theropsids , is a taxonomical class of animals.
"The Pilgrim's Progress" by John Bunyan  is one of the most important books in English literature.
"The Need for Speed" is a racing video game made by Electronic Arts.
The Mayak accident is a nuclear accident.
Radiation poisoning  is a form of damage done to the organs, because of radiation.
Typhoon Sepat  was the eighth tropical storm of the 2007 Pacific typhoon season that affected the Philippines and made landfall in Taiwan and Fujian.
Louis-Victor-Pierre-Raymond, 7th duc de Broglie,  was a French physicist who discovered that electrons have two natures similar to both particles and waves.
Las Galeras is a Dominican Municipal district of Santa Bárbara de Samaná, Samaná province.
Induno Olona is a city in northern Italy, in the Lombardy region, near Varese, with a population of 10.000 inhabitants.
Swordfish  are large fish characterized by a long, flat bill.
Juan Carreño de Miranda  was a Spanish painter of the Baroque period.
Late Old Japanese  is an old form of the Japanese language.
Old Japanese  is the oldest known form of the Japanese language.
"Tom and Jerry" is a Academy-Award winning animated cartoon series of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer short films.
Tynwald is the second oldest government of continuous existence in the world, dating back over 1000 years, following the Papacy.
A possum is a marsupial.
Gotha is a town in Thuringia, in Germany.
Palm Island, also known as Great Palm Island, or by the Aboriginal name Bukaman, is an island with about 2,000 people living on it.
Igrejinha is a Brazilian city of the state of Rio Grande do Sul.
Arroyo Barril is a Municipal district of Santa Bárbara de Samaná, Samaná province in the Dominican Republic.
The Intolerable Acts or the Coercive Acts were names given by the American colonists to a number of laws passed by the British Parliament in 1774.
"Iron" Mike Zambidis  is a Greek kickboxer.
The Indo-Greek Kingdom was in parts of northwest and northern Indian subcontinent  from 180 BCE to around 10 CE, and was ruled by a succession of more than thirty Hellenic and Hellenistic kings.
The Mirage 2000 is a French-built multirole fighter jet manufactured by Dassault Aviation.
Helensburgh is a small town with a population of 5000+ residents in New South Wales, Australia.
The Hugo Award is an award given each year for the best science fiction or fantasy works of the previous year.
Schlenkerla is a famous old brewery and tavern in Bamberg, Bavaria, Germany.
The Gabelmann  is a statue with a fountain in Bamberg, Germany.
The Bamberger Symphoniker  is a world-famous orchestra from the city of Bamberg, Germany.
The Lübeck law  was one of a few charters for town privileges.
Alfonso Daniel , also known as Castelao'", was a Spanish writer on Galician language and one of the main symbols of Galicia.
Emilia Pardo Bazán   was a Spanish author and scholar.
Bamberg Cathedral is one of the most famous cathedrals of Germany.
Hypothalamus is a gland that is located at the base of the brain.
A square yard  is the United States and British unit of measurement for area.
Ahmednagar is a city of Ahmednagar District in the state of Maharashtra, India, on the left bank of the Sina river, about 120 Kilometres northeast of Pune and 120 km from Aurangabad.
The wheel of a ship is the modern method of changing the angle of the rudder to change the direction of the boat or ship.
The F-14 Tomcat is a fighter plane made for the American Navy.
The F-16 Fighting Falcon  is an American light fighter.
Image:Garand clip.jpg|thumb|The 8 bullet clip Image:Marines-camp-pendleton-1943.jpg|thumb|US Marines with M1 in 1943 The M1 Garand is a rifle that was mostly used by the US Army during World War 2.
Dark Horse Comics is an American company that creates comic books and manga.
Ernst Theodor Amadeus Hoffmann  was a German writer, composer, music critic, painter, caricaturist and lawyer.
A hydrogen atom is an atom of the chemical element hydrogen.
A Fuel cell converts hydrogen into electricity by chemically binding it to oxygen, from which results water.
"Live at Wembley" is a DVD/CD by American R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles.
The iPod classic was the first type of iPod.
Georg Leo von Caprivi, later Georg Leo "Graf" von Caprivi de Caprara de Montecuccoli , born; February 24, 1831 – February 6, 1899) was a German major general and politician, who succeeded Otto von Bismarck as Chancellor of Germany.
Columbia is a city in the U.S.
The Dominican city of Santa Bárbara de Samaná, or simply Samaná, is the head municipality of the Samaná province, on the south coast of the peninsula of Samaná.
The word amateur is normally used to mean: somebody who does something (e.g.
Jogging is running at a slow speed.
Birdwatching or birding means going outside to enjoy watching birds.
Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha  was the husband of Queen Victoria.
East Berlin was the name of the eastern part of Berlin between 1949 and 1990.
Württemberg-Baden was one of the original states of the Federal Republic of Germany.
Württemberg-Hohenzollern was one of the original states of the Federal Republic of Germany.
Noraduz cemetery  is a medieval cemetery with many ancient khachkars in the village of Noraduz, Gegharkunik marz near Gavar and Lake Sevan, 90 km north of Yerevan.
The Safavids  were an Iranian Shia dynasty of mixed Azerbaijani and Kurdish origins which ruled Iran from 1501/1502 to 1722.
The "Teatro alla Scala", usually known as La Scala, is probably the most famous opera house in the world.
Roger Charles Louis Guillemin  received the National Medal of Science in 1976, and Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1977 for his work on neurohormones.
Andrzej Wiktor Schally, also known as Andrew W.
Hyde Park is one of the largest parks in central London, England and one of the Royal Parks of London, famous for its Speakers' Corner.
"See also Kensington Gardens, South Australia, a suburb of Adelaide, Australia" Kensington Gardens, once the private gardens of Kensington Palace, is one of the Royal Parks of London, lying immediately to the west of Hyde Park.
Delfzijl is a small town in the very north of the Netherlands.
The Great Exhibition, also known as the Crystal Palace Exhibition, was an international exhibition held in Hyde Park, London, England, from 1 May to 15 October 1851 and the first in a series of World's Fair exhibitions of culture and industry that were to be a popular 19th century feature.
Spandau is the westernmost borough  of Berlin.
Peterborough is a city in England.
TSV Schwieberdingen is a German football club.
Las Terrenas is a Dominican municipality in the Samaná province, on the north coast of the peninsula of Samaná.
Schwieberdingen is a city in the center of Baden-Württemberg in Germany.
Sánchez is a Dominican municipality in the Samaná province, on the south coast of the peninsula of Samaná.
In Cryptography, RSA is an algorithm for public-key cryptography.
Parking a vehicle means leaving it somewhere at the end of a journey or when the driver wants to stop for a while.
Horsham is a market town in West Sussex, England with a population of roughly 50,000.
Lemgo is a city in the Lippe district in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, with a population of c.
A Kit Cat Clock or Felix the Cat Clock is an art deco style clock.
The Michaelskirche  in Bamberg is a 12th century church.
The "Principia Mathematica" is an important 1910 book by written by Alfred North Whitehead and Bertrand Russell about mathematics, logic and philosophy.
A rampart is a defensive mound of earth or a wall with a broad top and usually a stone parapet; a wall-like ridge of earth, stones or debris; an embankment for defensive purpose.
"Punta Arenas" (lit.
Santiago Rusiñol  was a Spanish Catalan naturalist painter, author, and playwright.
A slaughterhouse, also called by the French word abattoir, is a building where farm animals are killed and turned into meat.
Alfons Schuhbeck was born on 2 May 1949 in Traunstein,Upper Bavaria, Germany.
Skatval is a small village in the municipality called Stjørdal in the province Nord-Trøndelag, Norway.
The Xbox 360 game console can have many problems.
Gefjun  is one of the Æsir in Norse mythology.
The Stade de France is a Multipurpose stadium in Paris, France.
The Melbourne Cricket Ground is a Cricket, australian rules football stadium in Melbourne, Australia.
Tanning is the process of turning animal skin  into leather.
Romanesque architecture is a term that describes the style of architecture which was used in Europe from the late 10th century until the 12th century when it changed to the Gothic style.
A bypass is a road or highway that goes round a town or village so that traffic which is passing that town does not have to go through the town centre.
The Rhine-Main-Danube Canal  is a canal that joins up the three rivers Rhine, Main and Danube so that boats can travel from one to the other.
Bypass can have several meanings.
Berlin-Mitte or Mitte is the most central borough of Berlin .
"B'Day Anthology Video Album" is a video album, released by the American R&B singer-songwriter Beyoncé.
"Upgrade U" is an R&B/hip hop song written by Beyoncé Knowles.
This is the discography, certification, and music video information of American R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles.
The Beyoncé Experience is a 2007 worldwide concert tour by American singer, songwriter, and actress Beyoncé Knowles.
"Beautiful Liar" is a song recorded by American R&B singer Beyoncé and Colombian singer Shakira.
DNA polymerase is an enzyme in the body that can replicate existing DNA.
Recep Tayyip Erdoğan is the prime minister of Turkey.
Abu Talib was the uncle of Prophet Muhammad.
Doom 2 , is a sequel to the first-person shooter game Doom.
A deathmatch  is a common gameplay mode included in many shooter and real-time strategy  computer games and "MilSim" games like airsoft and paintball.
Samaná Bay  is a big bay in the northeast of the Dominican Republic, south of the Samaná Peninsula.
Halibut is a kind of flatfish often used for food and living in the North Atlantic and the North Pacific oceans.
"Sola" is a Japanese anime series initially written by the "Kanon" main writer, Naoki Hisaya together with the original character designer Naru Nanao.
Ornithischia is an order of beaked, herbivorous dinosaurs.
The Miss Earth Pageant is an international beauty contest.
Krauchthal is a village in the Canton of Bern.
"Dangerously in Love" is the solo debut album by American R&B singer Beyoncé, released on June 24 2003 in the United States and June 23 2003 in the United Kingdom on Columbia Records.
"Until the End of Time" is a R&B song written by Justin Timberlake, Tim Mosley, and Nate Hills and is the first single from the deluxe edition of his studio album "LoveSounds".
The Inquisition is the name for a number of judgments.
Lahore is the second biggest city in Pakistan.
Punjab is a province in Pakistan.
Peshawar is a city in Pakistan, and it is the capital of the Afghania.
"B'Day" is the second studio album by American R&B singer Beyoncé, released by Columbia Records on 1 September 2006 outside North America, on September 4, 2006 worldwide, and on September 5, 2006 in Canada and the United States.
The Aldeburgh Festival is an English arts festival where classical music concerts take place during the summer.
Sir Peter Pears   was an English tenor and life-long partner of the composer Benjamin Britten.
"Me, Myself and I" is an R&B/neo soul song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Scott Storch, and Robert Waller for Knowles' solo debut studio album "Dangerously in Love" .
"Sexy Little Thug" is a song by Beyoncé Knowles on her album "Speak My Mind".
An encore at a concert is an extra piece that is played at the end of the concert.
A cay  is a small, low island consisting mostly of sand or coral and situated on top of a coral reef.
Sarcopterygii  is a taxonomical class of animals.
The Actinopterygii  is a taxonomical class of animals.
Extended play  is a name given to CDs which contain more music than a single, but are too short to be called a music album.
Dr.
The Millennium Stadium is a football stadium in Cardiff, Wales.
The National Collegiate Athletic Association  is a college sports organization in the United States.
The Happy Mondays were an alternative rock band from Manchester who became popular in the 1980s.
The Adidas AG is a major German sports apparel manufacturer, part of the Adidas Group, consisting of Reebok sportswear company, Taylormade golf company, Maxfli golf balls, and Adidas golf and is the second largest sportswear manufacturer in the world.
Joy Division were an English rock band.
New Order was a band from Manchester, popular in the 1980s.
Peter "Hooky" Hook  is an English bass guitar player.
Bernard Sumner is a singer with the band New Order.
Chorlton-on-Medlock is a district of Manchester in England.
Ultimate Fighting Championship  is a U.S.-based mixed martial arts  organization, currently seen as the largest MMA promotion in the world.
Chorlton-cum-Hardy is a southern district of Manchester, England.
The word acropolis  means the edge of a town or a high city.
Wokingham is a town in Berkshire in the south of England.
The California wildfires of October 2007 are more than 20 wildfires still active burning in Southern California, making over 1,000,000 people have to leave their homes, breaking at least 1,500 homes and buildings and moving in on at least 56,000 more.
Parasaurolophus is a genus of ornithopod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous Period of what is now North America, about 76-73 million years ago.
Thai boxing  is a combat sport  that has been developed in Thailand.
Carrefour SA  is a French international hypermarket chain, with a global network of outlets.
"Never S-A-Y Never" is the second album by American R&B singer Brandy, released by Atlantic Records on June 8, 1998 in Europe and on June 9, 1998 in North America.
The Soviet Occupation Zone  or Ostzone, Sovetskaya zona Germanii, "Soviet Zone of Germany") was the area of eastern Germany occupied by the Soviet Union from 1945 on, at the end of World War II.
Sports.
"Iron Man" is the name of a song by Black Sabbath.
"Death in Venice" is an opera by Benjamin Britten.
The Territory of the Saar Basin was usually called the Saar or the.
Sir William Walton,  was a British composer and conductor.
This is a list of Romanian composers.
The Free City of Danzig  was an self-governing port on the Baltic Sea port and a city-state.
"Surf's Up" is an American computer-animated movie released on June 7, 2007 by Columbia Pictures.
"Baby Boy" is a Middle Eastern-influenced R&B song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Scott Storch, Sean Paul, Robert Waller, and Shawn "Jay-Z" Carter for Knowles' debut solo album, "Dangerously in Love" .
The Free City of Danzig  existed between 1920 and 1939.
Main-Franconian is group of German dialects that are spoken in the centre of Germany, in the area known as Franconia near the river Main.
Port Arthur is a Texan city that was hit by Hurricane Alicia on August 18, 1983.
Moisture is mostly means the presence of water, often in trace amounts.
Marta Colvin Andrade,  was a sculptor.
Bárbara of Portugal  was a Portuguese princess, daughter of King John V of Portugal, of the House of Braganza, and his wife, Maria Anna of Austria.
An Arizona hurricane is a tropical cyclone forming in the eastern Pacific Ocean that affects the state of Arizona in the United States.
The Mallard  is the best-known and most recognizable of all ducks.
"Naughty Girl" is an R&B/disco song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Scott Storch, Robert Waller, and Angela Beyincé for Knowles' debut solo album, "Dangerously in Love" .
The Yankee Stadium is a baseball stadium in New York City, New York in the United States.
The Allied powers who defeated Nazi Germany in World War II divided the country into four occupation zones from 1945 to 1949.
Greater Hesse  was a part of the American Occupation Zone of Germany after World War II The German Empire broke up after World War I.
Mioriţa "" is a Romanian traditional ballad.
Muzio Clementi was a composer who lived from 1752 to 1832.
Chromatography is a way to separate single chemical compounds from mixed substances that depends on the speed at which they move through special "media", or chemical substances.
The iPhone is a mobile phone made by Apple Inc.
A concert hall is a place where concerts of classical music take place.
A madrigal is a special kind of song for a small group of people to sing.
The Duchy of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld was one of the "Ernestine duchies".
Sonora is a Mexian state, located in the northwestern Mexico region.
A monsoon is a seasonal wind which lasts for several months.
Baja California is a Mexican state located in the northern section of the Baja California peninsula.
"Verizon Ladies First Tour" is a 2004 joint concert tour by American R&B/soul singers Beyoncé and Alicia Keys and American rapper Missy Elliott.
The Dangerously In Love World Tour was singer Beyoncé's first solo concert tour, intended to showcase songs from her debut solo album, "Dangerously in Love".
Vikidia is an encyclopedia made with a wiki, using mediawiki.
"Déjà Vu" is an funk song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Rodney Jerkins, Delisha Thomas, Makeba, Keli Nicole Price, and Shawn "Jay-Z" Carter for Knowles' second solo album, "B'Day" .
"If" is an R&B Ballad by Beyoncé Knowles.
"#1's" is a compilation album released by R&B group Destiny's Child.
Ciara Princess Harris  professionally known as Ciara, is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, dancer, and actress.
Mykolaiv (, translit.
Akkad  was an ancient city found in Mesopotamia.
Faisal Mosque is a mosque located in Islamabad, the capital of Pakistan.
A song cycle in classical music is a group of songs that belong together.
Queta  is the capital and largest city of Balochistan province in Pakistan.
Gilgit  is the capital and largest city of the Northern Areas, Pakistan.
The frottola  was the most popular kind of secular  song in Italy during the late 15th and early 16th centuries.
Bartolomeo Tromboncino  was an Italian composer.
De jure is a phrase from the Latin language that means "in law".
George Alan O'Dowd, better known as Boy George  is a rock singer-songwriter and Club DJ.
Bon Jovi is an American hard rock and country band from New Jersey.
"Anastasia" is a movie made in 1956 by 20th Century Fox.
"Valdivia" is a city, comune and municipality in southern Chile.
The Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam International Airport  is the biggest airport in Mauritius.
Pervez Musharraf   was the twelfth President of Pakistan.
Bas-relief is a sort of sculpture where the sulpture has less depth behind the faces or figures than the actual faces or figures would have, when measured.
"Dogfights" is a TV show on The History Channel.
A dogfight is a close air fight between fighter airplanes.
The M1911 is a pistol made by Colt.
The Artaxiads , a branch of the dynasty of Armenia that ruled Iberia  from c.
A stocking is a piece of women's clothing, worn like socks.
A robe is a type of clothing.
Geraldine Estelle "Geri" Halliwell  is an English pop music singer.
The Crucible is a 1950s play about the Salem Witch Trials by Arthur Miller.
Rush Limbaugh is a Republican  radio talk show host.
Second Life is a big online game.
The Ford Falcon is a big car made by Ford in Australia since 1960.
Hoboken is a southern district of the city of Antwerp, in Flanders .
A bottlenose dolphin is a kind of dolphin.
Franz Josef Strauß   was a German politician  and minister-president of the state of Bavaria.
The President of the Bundesrat  is the speaker or chair of the Bundesrat, which is the upper house of the German parliament.
German TV was a German-speaking television program for viewers in the USA and in Canada.
The President of the Bundesrat  is the Bundesrat's chairperson or speaker.
Maximilien François Marie Odenthalius Isidore de Robespierre  is one of the best-known leaders of the French Revolution.
The ideas written in the declaration are important in French law today.
The Simpsons Halloween Episodes or The Simpsons Halloween Specials is a seasonal special TV episode that is aired in every season where there are three different Halloween-based stories.
"Perfect Stranger" is a big screen movie that was first shown in late 2006.
The American Bison is a bovine mammal, also known as the American Buffalo, or simply Buffalo, something of a misnomer as it is only distantly related to either of the two "true buffalos": the Water Buffalo and the African Buffalo.
The Jiroft Civilization  is a proposed Early Bronze Age civilization of Sistan, Iran (fl.
The Urartian hieroglyphs hypothesis suggests that besides the cuneiform inscriptions of the Urartian language, Urartu had a native hieroglyphic script.
Tigranakert  was a city near present-day Silvan, Turkey, east of Diyarbakır.
A combat sport  is a competitive contact sport where two combatants fight against each other using certain rules of contact, with the aim of simulating parts of real hand to hand combat.
Ground fighting  is hand-to-hand combat which takes place while the fighters are on the ground, generally involving a degree of clutching of gripping.
Anderson da Silva is a Brazilian Muay Thai fighter and mixed martial artist .
Karapet "Karo" Parisyan  is an Armenian-American mixed martial arts fighter.
Diego "The Nightmare" Sanchez  is a Mexican American mixed martial artist .
Elías Piña is a Dominican province, located in the western part of the country, on the border with Haiti.
CLIMAX or 高潮樂隊 is said to be one of the "first Chinese rock bands in ages".
Milena Markovna "Mila" Kunis  is an American actress.
Dolapdere Big Gang founded in the middle of 2004 by DJ producer Önder Ulugür.
"Crazy in Love" is an R&B/funk song written by Beyoncé Knowles, producer Rich Harrison, rapper Jay-Z, and Eugene Record.
"Check on It" is an R&B song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Kasseem Dean, Sean Garrett, Angela Beyincé, and Stayve Thomas for the soundtrack to the 2006 film "The Pink Panther", in which Beyoncé co-stars.
"Irreplaceable" is a song written by American singer-songwriters Beyonce Knowles and Ne-Yo, and Norwegian songwriters Mikkel S.
"Amor Gitano"  is the theme song for the telenovela ', performed in Spanish by Alejandro Fernández and Beyoncé.
"Work It Out" is a funk song written by American singer-songwriter Beyoncé Knowles and The Neptunes members Pharrell Williams and Chad Hugo  for the soundtrack to the 2002 film "Austin Powers in Goldmember"—in which she plays Foxxy Cleopatra—and was later featured on the non-U.S.
"Get Me Bodied" is a song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Sean Garrett, Solange Knowles, Angela Beyince, Makeba Riddick, and Swizz Beatz for Knowles' second studio album, "B'Day" .
"Listen" is a song performed by American R&B singer-songwriter Beyoncé Knowles in the 2006 film "Dreamgirls".
"Lose My Breath" is an R&B/dance-pop song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Kelly Rowland, Michelle Williams, Rodney Jerkins, LaShawn Daniels, Fred Jerkins III, Sean Garrett, and Shawn "Jay-Z" Corey Carter for Destiny's Child's fourth studio album, "Destiny Fulfilled" .
The discography of the R&B group Destiny's Child.
The 1983 Pacific hurricane season officially started May 15, 1983 in the eastern Pacific, and June 1, 1983 in the central Pacific, and lasted until November 30, 1983.
The 1972 Pacific hurricane season began on May 15, 1972 in the east Pacific, and on June 1, 1972 in the central Pacific.
The 1970 Pacific hurricane season began on May 15, 1970 in the east Pacific, and on June 1, 1970 in the central Pacific.
The 1977 Pacific hurricane season officially started May 15, 1977 in the eastern Pacific, and June 1, 1977 in the central Pacific, and lasted until November 30, 1977.
The 2003 Pacific hurricane season saw an unusually large number of tropical cyclones affect Mexico.
The 1989 Pacific hurricane season officially started May 15, 1989 in the Eastern Pacific, and June 1, 1989 in the Central Pacific, and lasted until November 30, 1989.
The 1995 Pacific hurricane season was the least active Pacific hurricane season since 1979.
The 1992 Pacific hurricane season was the most active Pacific season on record.
The Santa Cruz River is a river in southern Arizona, United States, and northern Sonora, Mexico.
The River Artibonite  is a river in the island of Hispaniola.
Jens Johnnie "Little Evil" Pulver  is an American mixed martial artist .
A Video CD or VCD is a CD that contains a movie instead of music or a computer program.
The Boston Red Sox are a baseball team from Boston, Massachusetts and are the World Series Champions in 2007.
"Irreemplazable" is a Spanish and Spanglish fare EP by female R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles.
"Ring the Alarm" is an R&B song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Kasseem "Swizz Beatz" Dean, and Sean Garrett for Knowles' second solo album "B’Day" .
Dr.
"03 Bonnie & Clyde" is a single by rapper Jay-Z featuring R&B singer Beyoncé.
"One Night Only" is a song from the 1981 Broadway musical "Dreamgirls", with lyrics by Tom Eyen and music by Henry Krieger.
Knowles re-recorded the song for her debut solo album, "Dangerously in Love" , under the title "Dangerously in Love 2".
"Green Light" is an R&B/funk song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Sean Garrett, and Pharrell Williams for Knowles' second solo studio album, "B'Day" .
"Suga Mama" is an R&B/soul/funk/rock song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Rich Harrison, and Makeba, and produced by Knowles and Harrison for Knowles' second solo album, "B'Day" .
"I Got That" is a single by rapper Amil featuring Beyoncé Knowles of Destiny's Child.
"Jumpin', Jumpin'" is a song recorded by Destiny's Child.
Beyoncé The Ultimate Performer is a DVD by R&B artist Beyoncé Knowles.
"Fighting Temptation" is a single released by R&B singer Beyoncé and female rappers Missy Elliott, MC Lyte, and Free in 2003 to promote the film "The Fighting Temptations", in which Beyoncé has a part.
Slaithwaite is a large village in the Colne Valley in Kirklees, West Yorkshire, England.
The Bundesverfassungsgericht is the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany.
The Kaaba is a large cube-shaped building located inside the mosque known as al-Masjid al-Haram in Mecca, Saudi Arabia.
EUX.TV, or the Europe channel, is an independent digital television station from Brussels that talks about European matters.
Awadhi is an Indo-Aryan language.
The Westdeutscher Rundfunk  is a German public-broadcasting institution based in the Federal State of North Rhine-Westphalia with its main office in Cologne.
ARD is a public broadcaster in Germany.
Deutsche Welle or DW is Germany's international broadcaster.
Guildford Dudley was the husband of Lady Jane Grey.
The medical papyri  are a set of ancient Egyptian texts that give background info on medical practices from ancient Egyptian times.
The "Tibetan Book of the Dead" is a religious text from Tibet, written as a guide for persons attending someone who is dying or recently dead, to bring comfort and "spiritual liberation".
"ChalkZone" is a American animated television series.
The F-22 Raptor is a fighter made by Lockheed Martin.
The Edomites were an ancient people who lived near Israel.
"Hollywood" is the fourth single from Jay-Z's latest solo album Kingdom Come.
"Summertime" is a single released by R&B singer Beyoncé featuring rapper P.
Fabaceae is the systematic name of plant family, commonly known as Pea family, consisting in three subgroups namely, Caesalpinioideae, Mimosoideae and Papilionoideae .
This is a list of political parties in Germany.
The Bundesversammlung, or "Federal Convention", is a special federal body in Germany.
Friedrich Ebert  was a German politician .
Walter Simons  was a German politician.
"Full Moon" is the third studio album by R&B singer Brandy Norwood.
"U Don't Know Me  - The Remix EP" is the first EP by American R&B singer Brandy Norwood, released in 1999 .
"The Boy Is Mine" is an R&B song by singers Brandy and Monica.
or ETA  is a nationalist terrorist organization.
Petr Eben  was a Czech composer and organist.
Totalitarianism is a word used to describe modern regimes  where the government controls every part of public and private behavior, including the way that people think.
Gothic metal is a fusion genre of gothic rock, doom metal and death metal.
Lüneburg is a city in Lower Saxony in north Germany.
Paul Ludwig Hans Anton von Beneckendorff und von Hindenburg , known as Paul von Hindenburg .
Sharon Osbounre  is a British music manager, television presenter, and talent show judge.
Denton True "Cy" Young  was an American baseball player who was a pitcher for five different professional baseball teams from 1890 to 1911.
The Arabic alphabet is an alphabet that has been used to write the Arabic language.
The Brandenburg Gate  is one of the main symbols of Berlin, Germany.
The languages of the Caucasus are languages spoken by more than ten million people in the Caucasus region of Eastern Europe and Western Asia, between the Black Sea and the Caspian Sea.
Lake Urmia  is a salt lake in north west of Iran.
Giuseppe Piazzi  was an Italian astronomer who was famous for discovering the asteriod, now dwarf planet "Ceres".
In Roman mythology, Ceres was the goddess of growing plants  and of motherly love.
Vesta was the virgin goddess of the hearth, home, and family in Roman mythology.
Heinrich Wilhelm Matthäus Olbers  was a German astronomer, physician and physicist.
A minstrel was a composer of the medieval time period.
Gnathostomata is the group of vertebrates with jaws.
The Niger River is the main river of western Africa.
The flag of Mali has three equal vertical stripes.
On 20 October, 1973, the coat of arms of the Republic of Mali was made.
This is a list of Heads of Government of Mali.
.ml is the Internet country code top-level domain  for Mali.
French Sudan  was a colony in French West Africa.
Cunnilingus is the act of a man or another woman performing oral sex using the mouth, lips, and tongue to stimulate the female sex organs.
Agnatha  is a paraphyletic superclass of jawless fish in the chordate, subphylum of the vertebrates.
Henry Cavendish  was a British scientist.
In music, ornaments are notes which are added to the main notes of a piece of music in order to make it more interesting.
The endocrine system includes those organs of the body which produce hormones.
A Sponge is a tool.
Tyne and Wear is a metropolitan county in north-east England.
Osteichthyes are a taxonomic superclass of fish, also called "bony fish" that includes the ray-finned fish  and lobe finned fish .
Aquarium  is a Russian rock group, formed in Leningrad in 1972 by Boris Grebenshchikov and Anatoly "George" Gunitsky.
Chondrichthyes or cartilaginous fishes are jawed fis with paired fins, paires nostrils, scales, two-chambered hearts, and skeletons made of cartilage rather than bone.
Alexey Ekimyan  was a famous Armenian-Russian composer, and author of popular songs.
Mikael Tariverdiev was a prominent Soviet composer, who was born of Armenian parents in Georgia but lived in Russia.
Bergen is the second largest city and municipality in Norway.
Births.
Winchester is a city in the county of Hampshire, England.
2 Pallas " is a large asteroid located in the asteroid belt of the solar system and was the second to be discovered.
In astronomy, axial tilt is the inclination angle of a planet's rotational axis in relation to a 90 degree angle to its orbital plane.
"Dollhouse" is an hour-long American television series, set to premiere in the Fall 2008 season.
Hydrostatic equilibrium happens when the pull of gravity is balanced by a pressure gradient which creates a pressure gradient force in the opposite direction.
Right ascension (abbrev.
Declination (abbrev.
Direct motion is the motion of a planetary body in a direction similar to that of other bodies within its system, and is sometimes called prograde motion.
Planetesimals are small, solid objects thought to exist in protoplanetary disks around a young or forming star.
An achondrite is a stony meteorite that is made of material similar to terrestrial basalts or plutonic rocks.
Basalt  is a common gray to black extrusive volcanic rock.
Aswan  is a city in the south of Egypt and the capital of the Aswan Governorate.
Carl Barks  was a famous and one of the most important American cartoonists ever.
Shawn Corey Carter  better known by his stage name Jay-Z, is an American rapper and current president and CEO of Def Jam and Roc-A-Fella Records.
Ripon is a small cathedral city in North Yorkshire, England.
Ripon is a city in North Yorkshire, England.
"What's It Gonna Be" is a single by Beyoncé from the Japanese edition of her debut album "Dangerously in Love" , the bonus CD of her first DVD "Live at Wembley" , and the Wal-Mart edition of Destiny's Child's fourth studio album "Destiny Fulfilled" .
The Sénégal River is a river in West Africa.
Diprotodontia is a large order od about 120 marsupial mammals including the kangaroos, wallabies, possums, koala, wombats, and many others.
Destiny's Child: Live in Atlanta features Destiny's Child performing live in Atlanta, Georgia at Philips Arena on July 15, 2005 during their Destiny Fulfilled...
Bambara is a language from Mali.
Proboscidea is an order containing only one familiy of living animals, Elephantidae, the elephants, with three living species .
The Adrar des Ifoghas is a sandstone high area in the Kidal Region of Mali.
Kokoreç is a Turkish meal.
Ubbe Ert Iwwerks , better known as Ub Iwerks, was an American animator.
Endocrine glands are glands that secrete their product  directly into the blood.
The thyroid is one of the largest endocrine glands in the body.
Johann Christian Bach  was a composer of the Classical period.
Pelycosaur  were the earliest, and most primitive synapsids; they were not dinosaurs.
Therapsids , previosly known as the "mammal-like reptiles", are an order of synapsids.
Toccata is the title that was often given to pieces of music for solo instruments from the Renaissance onwards.
Taylor Alison Swift  is an American country pop singer-songwriter.
Internal medicine is the branch and specialty of medicine concerning the diagnosis and nonsurgical treatment of diseases in adults, especially of internal organs.
City status in the United Kingdom is granted by the British monarch to some communities.
The P-38 Lightning is a World War II fighter aircraft made by Lockheed.
The Bf 109 was a fighter aircraft made by Messerschmitt.
The Me 262 was a German fighter aircraft flown during late World War II.
Osmosis is the movement of water in and out of cells from a high concentration of water to a low concentration of water through a semi- permeable membrane.
The MiG-17 Fresco is a fighter aircraft made by Mikoyan, a Russian company.
Mikoyan is a Russian company that designs fighter airplanes.
Neptune  is the god of the sea in Roman mythology.
Sol Invictus  or, more fully, Deus Sol Invictus  was a religious title applied to at least three distinct deities during the later Roman Empire: El Gabal, Mithras, and Sol.
An optical printer is a device.
Lares  were ancient Roman deities who protected the house and the family - household gods.
Charter Trustees are the English district councillors for an area that used to be a city.
In Roman mythology, Quirinus was an early god of the Roman state.
The name kreisfreie Stadt  is used for German towns that have their own government.
Jet aircraft are aircraft with jet engines.
The Egypt-Israel Peace Treaty was an innovative document saying that Egypt and Israel were friends.
Downtown  is a word used in North America which refers to the main part of a city.
IEEE 802.11 is the name for a series of protocols for wireless networking.
In computing, Wireless LAN or Wireless Local Area Network is a term to refer to a Local Area Network that does not need cables to connect the different devices.
Bluetooth is a protocol for Wireless communication.
Noraduz  is a site in the region of Gegharkunik in Armenia near Lake Sevan.
The New York Yankees during 1921  was the 19th season for the Yankees in New York, and overall it was their 21th season.
The hominids are members of the biological family Hominidae , which includes humans, chimpanzees, gorillas, and orangutans.
The Acropolis of Athens is a the most famous Acropolis.
Toki Pona is a constructed language.
The Canadian Hurricane Centre  is a Canadian agency that is responsible for monitoring and tracking tropical cyclones that come near or affects Canadian territory.
V-type asteroids or Vestoids are asteriods that are similar to 4 Vesta, by far the largest asteroid in this class .
Vulcans are a humanoid species in the fictional "Star Trek" universe who hail from the planet Vulcan, and are noted for their attempt to live by reason and logic with no interference from emotion.
The W.
These are all thought to have originated from the crust of the asteroid 4 Vesta, their differences being due to different geologic histories of the parent rock.
A metamorphic rock is a type of rock that is formed when its pre-existing rock is changed.
Extrusive means to the mode of igneous volcanic rock formation in which hot magma from inside the Earth flows out  onto the surface as lava or explodes violently into the atmosphere to fall back as pyroclastics or tuff.
In geology, an intrusion is a body of igneous rock that has crystallized from molten magma below the surface of the Earth.
Radiation pressure is the pressure exerted upon any surface exposed to electromagnetic radiation.
Kirkwood gaps are gaps or dips in the asteroid belt with semi-major axis , as seen in the.
Ca-Al-rich inclusions  are centimeter-sized light-coloured calcium and aluminium rich inclusions found in carbonaceous chondrites.
Eucrites are achondritic stony meteorites that originate from the surface of the asteroid 4 Vesta, and as such are part of the HED meteorite group.
Comet 81P/Wild, also known as Wild 2, is a comet named after Swiss astronomer Paul Wild , who discovered it in 1978.
A barrel is a part of a gun.
A shell is the metal case that holds a bullet.
An ion thruster  is one of several types of spacecraft propulsion, specifically electric propulsion.
A pistol is a type of gun that is small and can be used with only one hand.
A submachine gun is a type of gun that shoots many bullets, usually pistol bullets, when one holds down the trigger.
Elena Vladimirovna Pitjeva is a Russian theoretical physicist at the Institute of Applied Astronomy, Russian Academy of Sciences, St.
The Socialist Reich Party of Germany  was a political party in West Germany.
The International Fight League is an American mixed martial arts  league and is the world's first MMA league.
Anton Pavlovich Chekhov  was a Russian writer who wrote short stories and plays.
Labour and Social Justice – The Electoral Alternative  was a German political party founded in 2005 by people who did not like the Social Democratic-Green government.
The Deutsche Reichspartei   was a nationalist political party in West Germany.
Fukuoka Prefecture is an area in the North of the island of Kyushu, Japan.
Evening Prayer , in the Anglican Church, is the traditional service when people come to church to worship in the late afternoon or early evening.
The Regierender Bürgermeister  of Berlin is the head of government of the city.
Alice in Chains is a popular rock band that formed in Seattle, Washington in 1987.
Johann Ludwig  Graf Schwerin von Krosigk'",  was a German politician.
Oi! Oi! Oi! is a song by the English punk rockers Cockney Rejects.
The Cockney Rejects is an Oi! punk rock band that formed in the East End of London in 1979.
The East End of London, known locally as the East End, generally refers to the area of central London, England, east of the medieval walled City of London and north of the River Thames.
Suidae is the family to which pigs and their relatives belong.
T'rdat , sometimes Latinized as "Tiridates"), of the Chosroid Dynasty, was the king of Iberia  from c.
The Nutcracker is a fairy tale-ballet by the Russian composer Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky.
The Kingdom of Sophene  was an ancient Armenian kingdom.
Lady Katherine Grey  was the sister to Lady Jane Grey and Lady Mary Grey.
The apparent magnitude  of a celestial body is a measure of its brightness as seen by a person on Earth, normalized to the value it would have in the absence of the atmosphere.
Elongation is an astronomical term that describes the angle between the Sun and a planet, as viewed from Earth.
Conjunction is a word used in astronomy and astrology.
Opposition is a word used in astronomy and astrology to show when one celestial body is on the opposite side of the sky when viewed from a particular place .
Ophiuchus , is one of the 88 listed constellations.
Scorpius  is one of the constellations of the zodiac.
George Boleyn  was the brother of his famous sister Anne Boleyn and his other sister Mary Boleyn.
Tsitsernakaberd  is a memorial for the victims of the Armenian Genocide located on a hill overlooking Yerevan, Armenia.
Mary Boleyn  was the elder sister of Anne Boleyn, the second wife of King Henry VIII.
A cubic centimetre  (U.S.
The geometric albedo of an astronomical body is the ratio of its actual brightness at zero phase angle (i.e.
"Welcome to the Black Parade" is the first single and fifth track from My Chemical Romance's third studio album, "The Black Parade".
Remembrance Day  is a day to remember people who fought and died in wars.
In biology, a division is the equivalent of a phylum in a kingdom.
Leona Lewis  is an British singer.
Trinny Woodall  is an English expert in fashion, author, television presenter and journalist.
Susannah Caroline Constantine  is an English television presenter, fashion expert, author and journalist.
Anna Wintour  is an English-American editor and journalist.
The Kingdom of Saxony , existed from 1806 until 1918.
Commedia dell' arte is a form of comedy.
The Duchy of Saxe-Meiningen was one of the Ernestine duchies.
Eilenburg is a town on the banks of the river Mulde in north-western Saxony, Germany.
The Misfits were a punk rock band from New Jersey, usually classified as a hardcore punk or horror punk band.
The Vistula ; is the longest river in Poland.
The word Sunnah  is an Arabic word meaning tradition or way.
Al-Aqsa Mosque  is a mosque, or a place where Muslims go to worship, and it is in Jerusalem.
Balkh is a province in the northern part of Afghanistan.
Dario Chioli is an Italian poet that was born on January 28, 1956.
Dwight Hicks was born April 5, 1956 in Mount Holly, New Jersey.
The surface gravity, "g", of an astronomical or other object is the gravitational acceleration experienced at its surface.
In astronomy, a rotation period is the time an astronomical object takes to complete one revolution around its rotation axis relative to the background stars.
In astronomy, absolute magnitude is the apparent magnitude, "m", an object would have if it were at a standard luminosity distance away from us, in the absence of interstellar extinction.
Angular size is a measurement of how large or small something is using rotational measurement.
The House Sparrow  is a member of the Old World sparrow family Passeridae, and is, somewhat controversially, considered a relative of the Weaver Finch Family.
The albedo of an object is the extent to which it reflects light, defined as the ratio of reflected to incident electromagnetic radiation.
Robin Olds  was a member of the United States Air Force.
Lady Mary Grey (1545- April 20, 1578 was the sister of Lady Jane Grey and Lady Katherine Grey.
The German-speaking Community of Belgium  is one of the three federal communities in Belgium.
Its county town is Durham.
The Balkan mountain range  is an extension of the Carpathian mountain range, separated from it by the Danube River.
The Carpathian Mountains are the eastern wing of the great Central Mountain System of Europe, curving 1500 km  along the borders of Romania, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Poland, Ukraine, Austria, Serbia, and northern Hungary.
Squamata  is the order of reptiles, including lizards and snakes.
Pingu is a cartoon series for children about a penguin called Pingu.
The Tatra Mountains, Tatras or Tatra , constitute a mountain range which forms a natural border between Slovakia and Poland.
Frank Wells  was the former President of Warner Bros.
The Bodhi Tree was a large and very old specimen of Fig, located at the Mahabodhi Temple at Bodh Gaya under which Siddhartha Gautama, the spiritual teacher and founder of Buddhism later known as Gautama Buddha, arrived at "Bodhi".
Leslie Townes Hope , better known as Bob Hope, was an English-born American actor, comedian and entertainer.
Dawn French  is an English comedian and actress.
Port-au-Prince is the capital city of Haiti.
Hameln  is a city in Germany.
The MiG-25 Foxbat is a fast fighter plane made to attack enemies at high speed made by Russian airplane company Mikoyan It first flew in 1964 and was introduced in 1970.
In geometry, the term semi-major axis  is used to describe the dimensions of ellipses and hyperbolae.
In astronomy, an apsis, plural "apsides"  is the point of greatest or least distance of the elliptical orbit of an astronomical object from its center of attraction, which is generally the center of mass of the system.
In astrodynamics, Orbital eccentricity shows how much the shape of an objects orbit is different from a circle.
The astronomical unit (AU or au or a.u.
Giga-  is a prefix in the SI system of units denoting 109, or 1,000,000,000 .
In mathematics, a degree is 1/360 part of a circle.
In astronomy, a Julian year  is a unit of measurement of time defined as exactly 365.25 days of 86,400 SI seconds each, totalling 31,557,600 seconds.
In astronomy, an epoch  is a moment in time for which the position or the orbital elements of a celestial body are specified.
The Julian day or Julian day number  is the number of days that have passed since the initial epoch defined as noon Universal Time  Monday, January 1, 4713 BC in the Julian calendar.
A meatball is meat that is ground up , mixed with other ingredients, then shaped like a ball.
Mandé is a ethnic group of West Africa.
General  Amadou Toumani Touré  is the president of Mali.
The Ghana Empire was in what is now southeastern Mauritania, Western Mali, and Eastern Senegal.
The Mali Empire was a west African country from 1235 to 1645.
Timbuktu is a city in Tombouctou Region, Mali.
Jeanne Demessieux , was a French organist and composer.
House Mouse  the common mouse is one of the most numerous species of the genus "Mus".
Scientology is a type of belief of some people.
Maurice Robert Gravel, better know as Mike Gravel  is an American politician, a member of the Democratic Party.
Iva Zanicchi  is a italian singer .
The North German Confederation , was a military alliance of 22 states of northern Germany.
MiG Alley was a place during the Korean War that had a lot of North Korean MiG-15 Fagots in the area.
Veritas' NetBackup is a data backup software for Windows and Linux.
Inclination in general is the angle between a reference plane and another plane or axis of direction.
The argument of periapsis  is the orbital element describing the angle of an orbiting body's periapsis , relative to its ascending node .
The longitude of the ascending node  is one of the orbital elements used to specify the orbit of an object in space.
In the study of orbital dynamics the mean anomaly of an orbiting body is the angle the body would have traveled about the center of the orbit's auxiliary circle.
The orbital period is the time taken for a given object to make one complete orbit about another object.
The orbital speed of a body, usually a planet, a natural satellite, an artificial satellite, or a multiple star, is the speed at which it orbits around the barycenter of a system, usually around a more massive body.
Year 101 was a common year starting on Friday of the Gregorian calendar.
Continental drift is a theory that says that parts of the Earth's crust moves slowly or "drifts" on top of a liquid core.
Saxe-Altenburg  was one of the Ernestine duchies of the House of Wettin.
A porcupine is a rodent with a coat of sharp spines, or quills, that defend them from predators.
"The Silvia Night Show" is a 2007 icelandic television series following the controversial fictional character Silvia Night.
Jakten på Billie Jo was a Swedish reality show.
The Ernestine duchies, are sometimes called the Saxon duchies, were a changing number of small states in the present German state of Thuringia, governed by dukes of the Ernestine line of the house of Wettin The Albertine duchies of Weissenfels, Merseburg and Zeitz were are also sometime called "Saxon duchies" and border several Ernestine ones) Overview.
The Sri Maha Bodhi is a Sacred Fig tree in Anuradhapura, Sri Lanka.
This is a list of children of U.S.
Dolores Hope  is an American singer.
Estado Miranda is one of the 23 states of Venezuela.
"Miranda" is a novel written by Antoni Lange in 1924.
Capybara  is a semi-aquatic rodent of South America.
The Great Awakenings were a few periods of religious revival in United States history.
Lycopene is the pigment of tomato.
Housefly is the common fly occurring in homes.
An infusion is water or oil in which plants with a desired flavor have been steeped.
The 1950-1969 Pacific hurricane seasons all began on May 15, 1950-69 in the northeast Pacific Ocean and on June 1, 1950-69 in the central Pacific.
Chemical Engineering is a type of engineering that was started in the early 20th century.
The House of Windsor is the current Royal House of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and each of the other Commonwealth realms.
Jocelyne Saab  is a journalist and film director from Lebanon.
Ulva or the Isle of Ulva  is an island in the Inner Hebrides in Scotland.
Sugar Ray Robinson  was an American boxer who won the welterweight and middleweight world championships.
Randolph Adolphus  Turpin  was an English boxer who was the middleweight champion of the world in 1951.
Maple  is a genus of trees or shrubs.
Tilde Fröling  is a television personality and actress.
Marie Picasso  is a Swedish reality show star, model and singer who rose to fame in 2002 when she was a housemate on Big Brother.
Hostel is an American horror movie from 2006.
The name insectivora  has reference to the food habits of the group as a whole.
Bad Kissingen is a city in Bavaria, in the country of Germany.
A hostel is a place that rents beds to travellers.
Reuters Group plc is a British News agency and Financial companies.
Associated Press is an American news media company.
BBC News  is a free news channel, broadcasted by BBC.
The Duchy of Saxe-Jena was one of the Ernestine duchies of the House of Wettin.
The Duchy of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach  was created in 1809 when the Ernestine duchies of Saxe-Weimar and Saxe-Eisenach were formally joined into one state.
Alligators and Caimans make up the second largest family of the crocodilians, "Alligatoridae".
Gaza (Arabic:.
A grand duchy is a country whose head of state is a Grand Duke or Grand Duchess.
António de Oliveira Salazar called a dictator by some people and a Statesman by others was perhaps the only politician in modern Portuguese history to stir passions years after his passing away.An academic, Dr Salazar was a Professor of Economics and perhaps the most educated and urbane European leader of the time.
"Princess Nikki" is a reality television show that stars former Big Brother 7 UK house mate Nikki Grahame.
James William Van Der Beek, Jr.
"Dawson's Creek" was an American primetime television drama which aired from January 20, 1998, to May 14, 2003, on The WB Television Network.
"General Hospital"  is the longest-running ABC Daytime American soap opera broadcast on the American Broadcasting Company television network.
Popstars is a reality show where a number of people audition of a spot in a new popgroup.
Nicole Scherzinger  is an American actress and singer.
Girls Aloud are a popular British girl group created by an ITV television show named ' in 2002.
The Wulfila Bible  is a translation of parts of the Bible into the Gothic language.
The Plague of Athens was an epidemic which hit the city-state of Athens in ancient Greece during the second year of the Peloponnesian War , when an Athenian victory still seemed possible.
The Peloponnesian War  was an Ancient Greek military conflict, fought by Athens and its allies against the "Peloponnesian League", led by Sparta.
Deaths.
Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg  was acountry today's Thuringia, Germany.
Thucydides   was an ancient Greek historian.
Piraeus is a city in Attica, Greece, in the south of the center of Athens.
The Rhône is a river in France and Switzerland.
The river starts in Rhone Glacier, which is in Switzerland.
Luis Egidio Meléndez  was a Spanish painter.
Saxe-Hildburghausen was one of the Ernestine duchies of the House of Wettin.
Aurelius Augustinus, Augustine of Hippo, or Saint Augustine (November 13, 354 A.D.
The House of Wettin was a dynasty of German counts, dukes, prince-electors  and kings that ruled in what is known today as the German states of Saxony and Thuringia for more than 800 years.
Durham is a local government district in County Durham, England.
The Angelic Upstarts are an anti-fascist Oi! punk rock band who started in South Shields, North-East England in 1977.
Anti-fascism is the opposition to fascist ideologies, organizations, governments and people.
The "History of the Peloponnesian War" tells the story of the Peloponnesian War in Ancient Greece.
Historiography is about the writing of history and the use of historical methods.
The historical method are the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history.
In historiography and other areas of scholarship, a primary source  is a document, recording or other source of information that was created at the time that is studied.
A secondary source is a document or recording that writes or speaks about information that was originally presented elsewhere.
Breinigerberg is a small village in the West of Germany, the state of North Rhine-Westphalia About 972 people live at the place.
A document  is a piece of information that one can use for communicating something.
The International Standard Book Number, ISBN, is a unique commercial book identifier barcode.
An index is a system used to make finding information easier.
Recording means to capture data to store it on a storage medium or record.
A storage medium is a device for recording  information .
Pedro Santana is a municipality in the Dominican Republic, in the Elías Piña Province, on the border with Haiti.
The visual system is the part of the nervous system which allows organisms to see.
In psychology, visual perception is the ability to interpret visible light information reaching the eyes which is then made available for planning and action.
Microform is a name given to special photographic films.
An analog or analogue signal is any continuous signal.
A microphone, sometimes referred to as a mike or mic , converts sound into an electrical signal.
Digital signal can mean to different things: "discrete-time signals" that are digitized, or to the waveform signals in a digital system.
Pneumatics is the use of pressurized air for mechanical motion.
Saxe-Gotha  was a state in today's Thuringia, Germany.
Seafloor spreading is a type of geographic movement that happens on the bottom of an ocean.
The Dominican city of Comendador is the head municipality of the Elías Piña province, on the border with Haiti.
Emily Greene Balch  shared the Nobel Peace Prize in 1946 with John Raleigh Mott .
Chiara Zanni  is a Canadian actress and voice actress.
Antoni Lange, whose pen-names were Antoni Wrzesień and Napierski  was a Polish poet, polyglot , translator and mystic philosopher of the Symbolism and Parnassianism movements, generally regarded as a "great master of reflective poetry".
The curie  is a unit of measurement.
Fiard is a type of gulf.
The Raccoon , also known as the Northern Raccoon, Common Raccoon, Washer Bear or Coon, is a widespread, medium-sized, omnivorous mammal native to North America.
Eliza Patricia Dushku  is an American television and movie actress.
Sandy Wayne Robson  is a Canadian actor.
 Editions .
The Lord's Prayer, is the best known prayer in the Christian religion.
In Anglican church music, a Service is a piece of music for the choir to sing during a service of worship.
A space station is a structure built in space for astronauts to live in and to make experiments for science.
A Van de Graaff generator is an electrostatic machine.
A Time server is a special computer in a Computer network.
Laura Prepon  is an American actress, best known for her role as Donna Pinciotti on the Fox television series "That '70s Show" and Hannah Daniels on the ABC television series "October Road".
Ashley Marie Massaro , better known simply as Ashley, is an American pictorial model and professional wrestler, signed to World Wrestling Entertainment, wrestling on its "Raw" brand although currently inactive for unknown reasons.
Melina Perez  ring name as Melina, is an American professional wrestler and manager.
Amy Christine Dumas  better known by her ring name Lita, is an American former World Wrestling Entertainment  wrestler and valet.
Mafic minerals are usually dark in color and have a specific gravity greater than 3.
Specific Gravity  is a special case of relative density.
The Rosetta Stone is a stone that was discovered in Egypt in 1799.
A curtain is a piece of cloth used to block light, water, or cold air from entering a place .
A criminal record is a list of crimes that a person has done in the past.
A visitor is a person who does not permanently live in a place.
Espresso is a type of coffee that is concentrated.
Damson is a kind of plum.
Half-time is the name of a break in the middle of a sports-game.
Fluid mechanics is the study of how fluids move and the forces on them.
Fluid statics  is the science of fluids at rest, and is a sub-field within fluid mechanics.
Meroë  is the name of an ancient city.
Saxe-Eisenach  was the name of three different Ernestine duchies that existed at different times in Thuringia.
A laxative is a food or drug taken to make bowel movements easier, or to treat constipation.
Jebel Barkal, also called Gebel Barkal, is a small mountain located about 400 kilometers  north of a city called Khartoum, in the country of Sudan.
The Mirage III is a fighter aircraft made by French airplane company Dassault Aviation.
A herbaceous plant is a plant that does not have much wood and its stems are green and soft.
A trophy is an object given to someone because of an accomplishment.
Nickel Creek is an American acoustic musical group.
The Six-Day War was a war that started on June 5, 1967 and ended June 10, 1967.
"Australopithecus afarensis" is an extinct hominid.
"Nakalipithecus nakayamai" is a ancient ape species.
Defoliants are a type of chemical that destroys plants like trees, bushes and grass.
The Phoenix Lights were a light phenomenon that occured on March 13 1997 over Arizona and Nevada, in the United States.
Deaths.
Births.
KET.
Eumetazoa is a clade comprising all major animal groups except sponges.
Bilateria are all animals having a bilaterally symmetrical animals, they have front and a back end, as well as an upside and downside.
A lyre  is an instrument which is like a mixture between a harp and a guitar.
Continuum mechanics is a branch of physics  where matter is understood as continuous.
Oceanic crust is the part of Earth's lithosphere that is under the ocean basins.
The continental crust is the layer of granitic, sedimentary, and metamorphic rocks which form the continents and the areas of shallow seabed close to their shores, known as continental shelves.
This is a List of Cities in the United Kingdom.
Shift work is a working practice which is designed to use all 24 hours of a day, and not only the standard working day hours.
Étang Saumâtre  is the largest lake of Haiti and the second largest lake of the Hispaniola, after Lake Enriquillo.
The F6F Hellcat was an American World War II fighter aircraft made by Grumman.
The F4F Wilcat was a fighter aircraft made by Grumman.
The A6M Zero was a Japanese fighter aircraft during World War II.
The CONCACAF Champions' Cup is a football competition between the best club teams in North, Central, and Caribbean.
The Confederation of North, Central American and Caribbean Association Football often referred to as just CONCACAF, is the organization that controls North, Central, and Caribbean football  .
The Mali Federation was a country in the west of Africa.
Value Added Tax is often called by it initial letters „vat“ or “V.A.T.”.
Saxe-Coburg  was a country in today's Bavaria, Germany.
Deuterostomes  are a superphylum of animals.
Saxe-Coburg-Eisenach was one of the short lived Ernestine duchies.
Dennis Lynn Rader  is an American serial killer.
Tom and Jerry Kids Show is a 1990 television series by Hanna-Barbera Studios.
Hannelore Kohl  was the wife of former German Chancellor Dr.
Amber Nicole Benson(b.
Walter Scheel  is a German politician .
Norman Kingsley Mailer  was an American writer and journalist.
"The Lion King" is a 1994 animated Disney movie that was the most successful animated movie of the 1990s.
Kelly Osbourne (b.
Marie Antoine  Carême , was a French chef and author.
The X Window System is a set of protocols and programs.
Mammaliaformes is clade that contains the mammals and their closest extinct relatives.
The pineal is a very small gland in the middle of the brain of humans and of many animals.
Raghu Vira  was a linguist.
Rajeev Kumar  is a famous Activist and Educationist from New Delhi, India.
Gamma-Hydroxybutyric acid  is a drug.
The Reichsmark  was the currency in Germany from 1924 until June 20, 1948.
Plum is a colour similar to purple.
The Co-operative Party is a small socialist political party, in the United Kingdom.
The Dominican city of San Francisco de Bánica, or simply Bánica, is a municipality of the Elías Piña province, on the border with Haiti and near the Artibonite.
Soap bark tree  is a tree of the family "Quillajaceae".
Clarence E.
A Wild Weasel is a nickname for an aircraft in the United States Air Force that is supposed to destroy enemy anti-aircraft guns, surface-to-air missiles, and other ground attack weapons by seeking them out with radar and destroying them with missiles.
The F-105 Thunderchief was a bomber during the Vietnam War.
Labour Co-operative or Labour and Co-operative is the name used in the United Kingdom to describe politicians who are elected as members of the Co-operative Party.
A heraldic badge is not a part of an armiger's coat of arms, but it is granted by the same body as a coat of arms.
A Postal code is a series of numbers or letters and numbers used by a post office to help identify where a letter or parcel should be sent.
The Bethlehem Housing Authority provides social housing in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania.
Les Six  is French for "The Six".
Georges Auric  was a French composer.
Die Linke or "The Left" is a political party in Germany.
Louis Durey  was a French composer.
Tom and Jerry in House Trap is a 2000 video game by NewKidCo and VIS Interactive.
Arthur Honegger  was a Swiss composer, who was born in France and lived a large part of his life in Paris.
Darius Milhaud   was a French composer.
The Saône is a river of eastern France.
Hereford   is a city and civil parish in the West Midlands of England, close to the border with Wales and on the River Wye.
The middle finger (also called "the bird", "the fickle finger of fate", "the curse finger", or "the finger" is a common insulting hand signal.
Ariel is a moon of the planet Uranus.
is a city and municipality in the county of Sør-Trøndelag, Norway.
The Trondheim Region is a statistical metropolitan area in the counties of Sør-Trøndelag  and Nord-Trøndelag  in Norway.
Difference in electric potential is also known as voltage or electric potential energy difference.
Christine Teipel  was a 9 year old child that was executed as a witch.
AJAX stands for Asynchronous JavaScript and XML.
Bradford is a major city in West Yorkshire, England.
Lithuanian litas  is a national currency of the Republic of Lithuania.
Maria Holl  was an inn-keeper in Nördlingen.
The Duduk is a traditional woodwind instrument of Armenian origins.
Droopy Dog is a cartoon character created by Tex Avery for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer cartoon studio in 1943.
Iraqi Kurdistan also known as Kurdistan Region  is a partial self-governing region north of Iraq, south of Turkey east of Iran and west of Syria.
Biohazzard Records is a German based Independent record label founded by music journalist Sascha Bahn and Alexander C.H.
Arbil  is an Iraqi city and the capital of Iraqi Kurdistan.
The Ruhr Area  is an urban area in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
The Iraqi dinar is the currency of Iraq.
The Angiosperm Phylogeny Group, or APG, refers to two international groups of systematic botanists who came together to try to establish a consensus view of the taxonomy of flowering plants that would reflect new knowledge in angiosperm relationships molecular systematics.
Massoud Barzani  is the first president of Iraqi Kurdistan.
Nechervan Idris Barzani   has been the Prime Minister of Iraqi Kurdistan since March 2006.
A credit card is a card which allows people to buy items without money.
The Lebanese Civil War  was a conflict that became greatly worse by Lebanon's changing demographic trends, Christian and Muslim inter-religious strife, and the involvement of Syria, Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization .
Mosul  is a city in north of Iraq.
Mayonnaise or Mayo is a thick sauce made with vegetable oil and egg yolk.
Francis Poulenc  was a French composer.
Germaine Tailleferre  was a French composer.
A clade is a taxonomic group of organisms including a single common ancestor and all the descendants of that ancestor.
Kevin Ferguson also known as Kimbo Slice  is a American mixed martial arts fighter.
Pangaea  was the continent that existed about 250 million years ago.
Fatah is a Palestinian nationalist political party.
A kiss on the cheek is a way that one person can greet another, whether it's to say “we’re friends,” “good job,” “I’m sorry” or “I look up to you.” It is done by pressing ones lips on the side of another’s face, at times repeated on both cheeks, repeating one, two, three or four times.
Balkh is a small city in Balkh Province of Afghanistan.
The Hessischer Rundfunk  is a German television and radio broadcasting company based in Frankfurt am Main in the State of Hesse.
As Sulaymaniyah  is a province in east of Iraq.
Arbil  is a province in north of Iraq.
Dahuk  is a province in north of Iraq.
Al Anbar  is a Western Region of Iraq.
Babil  is a province in Iraq.
Coruscant is a fictional planet in the "Star Wars" movies.
Digital Video Broadcasting  is a series of standards for sending digital content, like Television using digital technology.
Baghdad  is a province in Iraq.
Linguine are a form of Italian pasta.
Basra or Al Basrah  is a province in south east of Iraq, with an area of 19,070 km².
Most eggs that are eaten by humans, including birds' eggs and turtle's eggs, consist of a protective, oval eggshell, the albumen , the vitellus , and various thin membranes, which are layers like skin.
Dhi Qar  is a province in south east of Iraq, with an area of 12,900 km².
Diyala  is a province in east of Iraq, with an area of 17,685 km².
A leitmotif  , is a German word meaning leading motif.
Karbala  is a province in Iraq, with 710,274 people living there.
Pointe shoes are special shoes worn by ballerinas.
Maysan  is a province in southeastern Iraq, bordering Iran.
Najaf  is a province in southwestern Iraq.
Ninawa  is a province in north of Iraq, with an area of 37,323 km².
Al Muthanna  is a province in southern Iraq, bordering Saudi Arabia.
Kirkuk  is a province in northern Iraq, with an area of 10,282 km².
Iraq is divided into 18 provinces .
Brussels-Capital Region is one of the three regions of Belgium.
Vaishali or Vesali  was a city located in what is currently in Vaishali District, Bihar, India.
Licchavi  was an ancient republic which existed in what is now Bihar state of India, before the birth of Mahavira (b.
Republicanism is the ideology of governing a nation as a republic with an emphasis on liberty and the civic virtue practiced by citizens.
Tabriz is the largest city in north-western Iran with a population of 1,597,319.
The saber-toothed cats are some of the best known and most popular of ice age animals.
Prosper Mérimée  was a French writer.
Jerry Hsu (b.
"Barnes & Noble" is an American bookstore chain, based in New York City.
Wasit  is a province in east of Iraq.
Birth defect is the name people use to say that when a baby is born, there are some things, that are wrong with it.
Scrambled eggs is a dish made from beaten whites and yolks of eggs .
Elizabeth of Bohemia  was a Scottish born Queen of Bohemia.
Salah ad Din  is a province in north of Iraq.
TAM Airlines  is Brazilian airline.
Al-Qādisiyyah  is a province in south of Iraq.
A limb is a part of the body of a living creature, which extends from its trunk.
Natalee Holloway , from Mountain Brook, Alabama, United States, disappeared on May 30, 2005 during a graduation trip in Aruba.
Louise Yvonne Faulkner  and Charmian Christabel Alexis Faulkner were a mother and daughter who disappeared without a trace from outside their residence at 39 Acland St, St Kilda, Victoria, Australia in 1980.
Australophenida are a clade of mammals which has nearly entirely died out.
Steropodontidae was a family of monotremes that are known fossils from the Early Cretaceous in Australia.
"Steropodon galmanii" was a prehistoric species of monotreme, or a egg-laying mammal, that lived during the middle stage, in the Lower Cretaceous period.
"Kollikodon ritchiei" is an fossil monotreme species.
"Teinolophos trusleri" was a prehistoric species of monotreme, or egg-laying mammal.
"Obdurodon" is a extinct monotreme genus.
The Curtiss P-40  was a fighter aircraft that could also be used for attacking things on the ground.
The Flying Tigers was a group of American fighter pilots from the United States Army Air Force, the United States Navy, and the United States Marine Corps.
Shusha also known as Shushi is a town in the region of Nagorno-Karabakh.
Doritos are a brand of flavored corn  tortilla chip snack.
Mount Silverthrone is a 20 km wide, deeply dissected caldera complex in southwestern British Columbia, Canada.
The AIM-9 Sidewinder is a short-range air-to-air missile, which means it is shot from an aircraft and is supposed to hit an aircraft.
The x-intercept of a line on a graph is where the line touches  the x-axis.
Liberty means the condition in which an individual has the ability to act following his or her own will, with other words political freedom.
Liberty generally means the condition in which an individual has the ability to act following his or her own will.
Dignity in humans involves the earning or the expectation of personal respect or esteem.
Dignity in humans involves the earning or the expectation of personal respect or of esteem.
A voluntary association or union is a group of individuals who voluntarily enter into an agreement to form a body  to work together for a purpose.
Islam  is the name of a religion founded by Muhammad in ancient Arabia in the 7th century.
The United States of America are states on the continent of North America.
Helen Keller was an American writer and speaker.
Pausanias  was a Greek traveller and geographer of the 2nd century A.D., who lived in the times of Hadrian, Antoninus Pius and Marcus Aurelius.
In Ancient Rome, "Dignitas" was regarded as the sum of the personal influence that a male citizen acquired throughout his life.
Publius  Cornelius Tacitus (ca.
Connotation is a meaning that is suggested or implied, as opposed to a denotation, or literal definition.
A Margrave  is a German nobleman.
Meppel is a town and a municipality in the north east of the Netherlands .
Diego Velázquez de Cuéllar  was a Spanish soldier and colonial administrator .He conquered and governed Cuba for Spain.
Different aspects of meaning.
Victoria Silvstedt  is a Swedish fashion model and actress.
The doner kebab  kebab with salad and sauce is a very popular dish in the United Kingdom.
The murder of Meredith Kercher occurred on the night of November 1, 2007.
Lindsay Ann Hawker was a 22-year old British citizen who was murdered in Japan in early 2007.
Meredith Monroe  is an American actress She is best-known for her role as Andie McPhee on Dawson's Creek from 1998 to 2000.
Michelle Williams  is an Academy Award-nominated American actress.
Pernilla Wiberg  is one of the most successful Swedish alpine skiers.
Ebba von Sydow  is a Swedish journalist and author.
"Lulu" is an opera by the composer Alban Berg.
Howard University is an African-American college in Washington, D.C..
Seth MacFarlane is the creator of "Family Guy" and "American Dad".
Taylor Ashley Horn  is an American pop singer-songwriter and actress.
Tanuki is a word for the Raccoon Dog in Japanese.
"Megalibgwilia" is a genus of echidna only known from fossils from Australia, it incorporates the oldest known echidna species.
Ajax the Great or Aias  son of Telamon, was a well-known hero from the Trojan War.
Phoenicia was a civilization in the north part of Canaan, the holy land for Christians and Jews.
The Seattle Seahawks are a professional American football team from Seattle, Washington.
Salisbury is city in the southern part of England.
Jan Ullrich  is a retired German bicycle rider.
Lincoln is a small city in Lincolnshire, England.
The settlement of Burj el-Barajneh in Lebanon was set up as a Palestine refugee camp in 1948 and was laid siege to by the Israeli army and local Christian Phalangists during 1982, after Israel invaded Lebanon earlier that year.
A Coelacanth is a fish that lives in the Indian Ocean.
The term tent city is used to describe a variety of temporary housing facilities made using tents.
The Norwegian Refugee Council   is an independent, non-governmental organisation in Norway which helps refugees and internally displaced persons around the world.
Euphemism is the use of a word  that replaces another one that one thinks to be too offensive or vulgar.
This is a list of German Presidents since 1919 by age at death.
This is a list of German Chancellors since 1871 by age.
Boscobel House is a house located on the Shropshire/Staffordshire border, near Wolverhamptonand Albrighton, England.
Wismar is a small town in northern Germany on the Baltic Sea, in the state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, about 45 km due east of Lübeck, and 30 km due north of Schwerin.
Dysphemism means the usage of an harsh word or expression instead of a polite one.
In Christianity, worship has been thought as by most Christians to be the central act of Christian identity throughout history.
Prose is writing without regular rhythm and is very similar to everyday communication.
The caper story is a special sort of crime story.
__NOTOC__ Year 14 BC began at a Tuesday .
Christina "Tina" Thomas Watson, 26 years old, was an American woman from Alabama.
The City of Wakefield is in West Yorkshire, England.
Io is a moon of the planet Jupiter.
Cormorant are a family of seabirds.
The 2006 Tour de France was the "93rd Tour de France".
Elizabeth Carolan  better known by her ring name Beth Phoenix, is an American professional wrestler.
A cartridge is the package that has inside of it a bullet, gunpowder and primer all inside a metal sheath.
Hong Kong Island is an island in the southern part of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region in China.
The Communist Party of China  is the dominant political party and founder of the People's Republic of China.
The Tatar language is a Turkic language that is spoken by Tatar people.
The Medici family was a very important family in Florence, Italy from the year 1200 to about 1600.
Giordano Bruno  was an Italian philosopher, priest, cosmologist, and occultist.
Wheel of Fortune is a game show on television.
Shalom  is a Hebraic word which means "peace".
Villa Gordiani is a park situated in Rome.
The Massachusetts Bay Colony was a small town in the modern state of Massachusetts.
"About a Girl" is a comedy television series, which was first shown on October 5, 2007 on The N in the United States, and Global in Canada.
A number line is a line with integers  on it extending into infinity.
Tunicates  is a subphylum of chordates.
Zheng He   was an explorer, diplomat, and admiral from Ming Dynasty China.
The Georg Büchner Prize  is the most important literary prize of Germany.
Brigham Young University Hawaii, or "BYU-Hawaii" for short, is an undergraduate institution that educates some 2,400 students from Asia, the Pacific islands, the U.S., and other parts of the world.
"Austalopithecus africanus" was first discovered by Raymond Dart in 1925.
The gracile australopithecines  are a group of extinct hominids that were closely related to humans.
"Homo" is the genus is separated from the earlier hominids because of the emergence of tool use, language and culture.
India suffers from quite a fair bit of poverty.
The Christian Community  is a Christian denomination.
This is a list of the 200 currently operating suburban railway stations  in Melbourne, Australia.
The Flag of Iraqi Kurdistan  has three colours and are placed horizontally.
Vector graphics  is a type of computer graphics, Vector graphics uses geometrical objects, like points, lines, curves, and polygons to model the image.
Silence was founded back in 1995 in Bavaria, Germany.
Karl Georg Büchner  was a German dramatist and writer of prose.
Friedrich Karl Christian Ludwig Büchner  was a German philosopher, physiologist and physician who became one of the exponents of 19th century scientific materialism.
A goitre , or goiter  , also called a bronchocele, is a swelling in the neck  due to an enlarged thyroid gland.
The Cincinnati Reds are a baseball team.
Josh Beckett  is a Major League Baseball starting pitcher for the Boston Red Sox.
Curtis Montague  Schilling  is an American Major League Baseball starting pitcher.
Adam Dunn  is an American Major League baseball player.
In medicine stroke ) means a rapidly developing loss of brain function due to a disturbance in the blood vessels supplying blood to the brain.
The "Wheel of Fortune", or "Rota Fortuna", is a concept in medieval and ancient philosophy and means the unpreditable nature of Fate.
Raster graphics  is one of two ways to do computer graphics.
Postscript is a programming language.
Horse Chestnut is a large deciduous tree.
Francisco Pizarro González, marqués de los Atabillos  was a Spanish conquistador.
Bingo or Housie is a game where people try to match numbers drawn at ramdom with numbers on a card.
Nine is a number.
The number five is a number that comes after four, but before the number six.
Hurling  is an Irish outdoor team sport similar to hockey, played by two teams of 15 people.
The number six is a natural number that comes after the number five, but before the number seven.
The number four, is a number and a numeral.
The number seven is a natural number that comes after six and before eight.
The number eight is a natural number that comes after the number seven, but before the number nine.
Donato di Niccolò di Betto Bardi   was an Italian artist during the Renaissance.
The Tu-95 Bear is a bomber made by Tupolev.
Sarah Bernhardt  was a French stage actress, and has often been called "the most famous actress in the history of the world".
Kevin Rudd  is the 26th Prime Minister of Australia.
A hurley is a wooden stick measuring between 70 and 100 cm  long with a flattened, curved end , used to hit a "sliotar"  in the Irish sport of hurling.
A sliotar  - is a hard solid sphere slightly larger than a tennis ball, consisting of a cork core covered by two pieces of leather stitched together.
Camogie  is an Irish team sport, organised by the "Camogie Association of Ireland", the women's variant of hurling.
Rounders  is a sport which originated in Great Britain and Ireland.
Crickets, family Gryllidae , are insects somewhat related to grasshoppers and more closely related to katydids or bush crickets .
"Rounders" is a 1998 movie about the underground world of high-stakes poker.
The Gaelic Athletic Association   is an organisation which is mostly focused on promoting Gaelic Games - traditional Irish sports, such as hurling, camogie, Gaelic football, handball, and rounders.
Gaelic games are the traditional sports played in Ireland.
Gaelic handball is a game where two players use their hands to return a ball against a wall.
American  handball, usually referred to simply as handball, is an American form of fives played against one or more walls.
Fives is a British sport believed to come from the same origins as many racket sports.
The Miami Heat  are a team in the National Basketball Association in Miami, Florida.
A buttress is a structure placed against the walls of a building to give it more support, or to help it to hold the roofs.
Real tennis is the original racket sport from which the modern game of lawn tennis, or tennis, developrd.
Jeu de paume was originally a French game similar to lawn tennis, but played without racquets.
The Château de Versailles, or simply Versailles, is a royal castle in Versailles, France.
A château  is a manor house or residence of the lord of the manor or a country house of nobility or gentry.
A positron is the antimatter equivalent to the electron.
Pelota in Spanish, pilota in Basque and Catalan, or pelote in French  is a name for several court sports played with a ball using one's hand, a racket, or a wooden bat , against a wall  or, more traditionally, with two teams face to face separated by a line on the ground or a net.
A pump-jet or water jet is a marine system that creates a jet of water for propulsion.
A propulsor is a mechanical device that gives propulsion.
Valencian  is the historical, traditional, and official name used in the Valencian Community  for the language spoken in this region, also known as Catalan  in the Spanish Autonomous Communities of Catalonia, Aragon and the Balearic Islands; in the country of Andorra; in the southern French region of the Roussillon; and in the Italian city of Alghero on the island of Sardinia.
"Pilota Valenciana" or Valencian pilota  is a traditional handball sport played in the Valencian Community.
A trapezoid  or trapezium  is a quadrilateral, which is defined as a shape with four sides, which has one set of parallel sides.
Frisian handball  is a traditional Frisian sport, related to American handball and fives, that is most commonly practiced by people from the northern province of Fryslân/Friesland.
Gaelic Football , commonly referred to as "football", or "Gaelic", is a form of football played mainly in Ireland.
"Caid" was the name given to several ancient and traditional Irish football games.
Longue paume is an outdoor version of jeu de paume and therefoe an ancestor of modern lawn tennis.
Pallone  is the name of several traditional ball games, played in various regions of Italy, with minimal differences in regulations.
Palla, Italian language for ball, is the name of various traditional ball games of Italy.
Pellet is a term used for a small particle or grain, typically one created by compressing an original material.
The meteorological history of Hurricane Katrina started on August 23, 2005.
The troposphere is the lowest portion of Earth's atmosphere.
Rapid deepening is a condition that happens when the minimum sea-level atmospheric pressure of a tropical cyclone goes down at lot very quickly.
Doppler radar uses the Doppler effect to measure the radial velocity of targets in the antenna's directional beam.
Horseshoe crab  are benthic or bottom-dwelling organisms found in both estuarine and continental shelf habitats.
An Atlantic hurricane refers to a tropical cyclone that forms in the Atlantic Ocean usually in the Northern Hemisphere during the summer or autumn, with one-minute maximum sustained winds of at least 74 mph .
Buras-Triumph is a census-designated place  in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana, United States.
The Dry Tortugas are a small group of islands, located at the end of the Florida Keys, United States.
Aventura is a city located in northeastern Miami-Dade County, Florida.
The Florida Keys is an archipelago of about 1700 islands in the southeast United States.
Climatology is the study of climate, scientifically defined as weather conditions averaged over a period of time, and is a branch of the atmospheric sciences.
"Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger" is a 2001 single from the album "Discovery" by Daft Punk.
Fiona Apple McAfee Maggart, or Fiona Apple  is an American musician.
Tanakh is an acronym that is the same thing as the Hebrew Bible.
A pastor is what a leader is called in some Christian Churches.
Egyptology is the study of Ancient Egypt.
Lichfield is a small city in Staffordshire, England.
New France was a colony settled by France in North America.
El Llano  is a Dominican municipality in the Elías Piña Province.
Hondo Valle  is a Dominican municipality in the Elías Piña Province.
Juan Santiago is a Dominican municipality in the Elías Piña Province.
Río Limpio  is a Dominican municipal district of Pedro Santana in the Elías Piña Province.
Sabana Cruz is a Dominican municipal district of Bánica in the Elías Piña Province.
Sabana Larga is a Dominican municipal district of Comendador in the Elías Piña Province.
"Destiny Fulfilled" is the fourth studio album by the American R&B trio Destiny's Child.
Kanal 5 is a Swedish television channel.
Decadence  means a state in which people are behaving in a way that is morally bad.
Kanye Omari West  is an American record producer and rapper.
Giro  Manoyan  is an Armenian politician, one of the leaders of ARF Dashnaktsutiun and the head of "Armenian Cause" Office.
Castleton is a small little village in the Derbyshire Peak District national park, in England.
The Los Angeles Lakers are an National Basketball Association team located in Los Angeles, California.
"Asterix"  is a French comic book, created by René Goscinny  and Albert Uderzo .
A hurdy gurdy is a stringed musical instrument played by a rosin-covered wheel.
This is a list of magicians, illusionists, escape artists, and other practitioners of stage magic.
A magician is an entertainer who does illusions and magic tricks by learning about the tricks of the mind and using them to his/her advantage; magicians will occasionally use props, such as a pack of cards.
The P-47 Thunderbolt  was a fighter aircraft made by Republic Aviation.
Judo, meaning "Gentle Way" comes from the ancient Samurai art in Japan, named "Jujitsu".
Michelle Williams may refer to different people .
Humus is often described as the 'life-force' of the soil.
Soil science deals with soil as a natural resource on the surface of the earth.
Queen's Counsel , during the reign of a male sovereign known as King's Counsel , are senior lawyers in various Commonwealth countries.
Pedogenesis or soil evolution  is the process by which soil is created.
Eleven is a number.
Twelve is a number.
Sedimentary rocks are rocks that are made from sediments .
Fourteen is a number.
A rock is a naturally occurring mixture of minerals and/or mineraloids.
Fifteen is a number.
Sixteen is a number.
Weathering is the decomposition of rocks, soils and their minerals through direct contact with the Earth's atmosphere.
Recrystallization  is an essentially physical process that has meanings in chemistry, metallurgy and geology.
General licences under the Wildlife & Countryside Act 1981 are issued each year by the Department for Food and Rural Affairs  in England.
Soil classification means that one finds categories of soils that are based on general characteristics as well as criteria that decide about the use that is possible.
A manor house or fortified manor-house is a country house, which has historically formed the centre of a manor .
The English country house is generally accepted as a large house that was once in the ownership of an individual who in most of the cases owned another great house in the West End of London.
The larynx , colloquially known as the voicebox, is an organ in the neck of mammals that helps to protect the trachea and sound production.
An endangered species is a group  of organisms that is in danger of becoming extinct.
Archosaurs  any of various reptiles, including all crocodiles and birds and all descendants of their most recent common ancestor.
The MS Explorer was a cruise ship .
Calcite is one of the most widely distributed minerals on the Earth's surface.
A stalagmite is a form that can be found on the floor of a cave.
Deposition is the geological process where by material is added to a landform.
Calcium carbonate is a chemical compound, with the chemical formula CaCO3.
Hard water is water that has a high mineral content .
With soft water one describes types of water that contain few or no minerals like calcium or magnesium ions.
Moorland or moor is a type of habitat that one can find in upland areas, that are characterised by acidic soils.
In context of biogeography, Neotropic or Neotropical means one of the world's eight terrestrial ecozones.
"For the thoroughbred racehorse see Nearctic ." The Nearctic is one of the eight terrestrial ecozones dividing the Earth's land surface.
Nearctic  was an Canadian-bred Thoroughbred racehorse.
Lockerbie is a little town in Scotland that was devastated on December 21 1988 when a Pan American 747-400 came plummeting to earth after a explosive device hidden in a hand held radio exploded in the rear cargo hold after been transferred onto the flight from a connecting flight from amsterdam all passengers and crew aboard the 747 and 11 people in nearby sherwood crescent were killed that night.
A circadian rhythm is a cycle that takes about 24 hours.
A stud in animal breeding is a male animal, such as a horse or dog, that is employed for breeding.
Castration is any action, surgical, chemical, or otherwise, by which a male loses the functions of the testes or a female loses the functions of the ovaries.
A bullock is a bull that has been castrated - its testicles have been removed.
Bureaucracy is typical for large organizations and government.
Anzère is a small village in the canton of Valais, Switzerland, north of Sion.
Sion is the capital of the Swiss canton of Valais.
Monthey is the capital of the district of Monthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Sierre is the capital of the district of Sierre in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Brig is the capital of the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
The Pennine Alps are a mountain range in the western part of the Alps.
The Bernese Alps are a group of mountain ranges in the western part of the Alps, in Switzerland.
The Armenian National Committee of America  is the largest and most influential Armenian American advocacy organization in the United States.
Valais is one of the 26 cantons of Switzerland in the south-western part of the country.
Martigny is the capital city of the French-speaking district of Martigny in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Mattertal is a valley in the Alps of Switzerland which begins on the side of the Matterhorn.
Zermatt is a municipality in the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Ajax the Lesser  was a Greek hero from the Trojan War, who was the son of Oïleus.
Academic degrees  can also be shown as postnominal letters, as can military awards  .
Crow are birds common name for about 27 large passerine birds of the genus which also includes the ravens and jackdaws.
Visp is the capital city of the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Saint-Maurice is the capital of the district of Saint-Maurice in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Conthey is the capital of the district of Conthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Entremont is a district in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Santeri Palin   is a Finnish poet who writes poems in Finnish and English.
Sembrancher is the capital of the district of Entremont in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Münster-Geschinen is the capital city of the district of Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Microbiotheria are small order of opossums containing only one living species known as colocolo or monito del monte.
Goat Rock Beach is a beach in Sonoma County, California, United States.
Sea lion are several pinniped from the family Otariidae .
Greywacke  is a type of sandstone.
Carmina Burana is the name given to a collection of texts form the 11th and 12th century.
Vex is the capital city of the district of Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Dasyuridae is a family of marsupial carnivores.
Mohammed Zahir Shah  was the last King  of Afghanistan, reigning for four decades, from 1933 to 1973.
Thurgau is a northeast canton of Switzerland.
Graubünden ' is the biggest and is farthest to the east of the cantons of Switzerland.
Nidwalden is a canton of Switzerland.
Schaffhausen is a city in northern Switzerland and the capital of the canton of the same name.
Obwalden is a canton of Switzerland.
The canton of Jura is one of the Cantons of Switzerland.
The French Community  was the body which replaced the French Union in 1958.
Usury is a very high, often extortionate rate of interest on a loan.
John Lewis Bates  was born in Massachusetts.
Acoustic music is music which is played by using acoustic musical instruments, i.e.
The mandolin is a musical instrument, which literally means, a small soprano member of the lute family.
Bluegrass music is a form of American roots music.
"Billboard" charts are charts published by "Billboard" magazine.
Leuk  is a municipality of Switzerland and is the capital city of the district of Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Raron is the capital city of the district of Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Goms is a district of the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Shavo Odadjian   was the bassist for the Armenian American-based alternative metal band System of a Down and now Dj and vocal of Achozen.
Aspartame  is an artificial sweetener, that was discovered in 1965, by James M.
Saccharin is the oldest artificial sweetener that exists.
Isomalt is a natural substitute for sugar.
Sloths are mammals that live in Central and South America.
Oberon is the farthest major moon of the planet Uranus.
The district of Delémont is one of three districts in Jura, Switzerland.
Xavier Rudd  is an Australian musician.
The banjo is a string instrument, that was first played by African slaves a few hundred years ago in the United States.
Nicolás de Ovando  was a Spanish soldier from a noble family and a knight of the Order of Alcántara.
Abelsonite is a mineral that can be pinkish-brown, purple, or reddish-brown in color and is formed from crystals.
Abenakiite- is a pale brown mineral and made from crystals.
Abernathyite is a pale, yellow-colored mineral that forms crystals.
Abhurite is a colorless crystalline mineral that forms on ship-wrecked tin ingots .
Animal Liberation Orchestra  is an American rock and jam band from Southern California.
Leftover Salmon is an American rock and jam band from Boulder, Colorado.
An Internet meme is something famous on the internet such as an image, a video, or even a person.
Morris Gleitzman  is one of Australia's most famous children's writers.
A Coaxial cable is a special electrical cable.
Abswurmbachite is a black or dark brown metallic mineral.
A mineralogist is a person who studies anything about minerals and rocks associated with minerals .
Acanthite is a mineral that can be lead gray, gray, or coal in color and is made from crystals.
The, commonly called the Seven Lucky Gods in English, refer to the seven gods of good fortune in Japanese mythology and folklore.
Acetamide is a mineral that is either colorless or gray in color, and is made of a crystalline crust on black shale.
Seventeen is a number.
Pectin is a food supplement.
Audio engineering deals with the recording and reproduction of sound through mechanical and electronic means and is a part of audio science.
Pectobacterium carotovorum  is a rod shaped bacterium – originally isolated from carrot- is a plant pathogen and opportunistic human pathogen, causative agent of soft rot and blackleg potato  diseases.
Jesus with erection is a picture made and students at the University of Oregon.
Giovanni Guaita is an Italian historian, researcher of Eastern Christianity and writer.
Cockatoos are 21 species of birds that make up the family "Cacatuidae".
The P-39 Airacobra was a fighter aircraft made by Bell Aircraft.
Air Canada is Canada's largest airline and flies to the United States, Europe, Asia, Australia, and some Caribbean countries.
Actinolite is a mineral that can be green, green-black, gray-green, or black in color and is made of crystals.
A buoy is a floating object that can have many different purposes, which determine whether the buoy is anchored  or allowed to drift.
The Gulf Coast region of the United States comprises the coasts of states which border the Gulf of Mexico.
The Florida Panhandle is the region of the state of Florida which includes the westernmost 16 counties in the state.
Part of the Gulf Stream, the Loop Current is a warm ocean current in the Gulf of Mexico that flows northward between Cuba and the Yucatán Peninsula, moves north into the Gulf of Mexico, loops west and south before exiting to the east through the Florida Straits.
The National Weather Service bulletin for the New Orleans region of 10:11 a.m., August 28, 2005 was a vividly worded release issued by the local Weather Forecast Office in Slidell, Louisiana warning of the devastation that the Gulf Coast of the United States could experience as a result of Hurricane Katrina.
Cesc Fàbregas  is a Spanish footballer.
"Misery Guts" is a book by the award winning Australian author Morris Gleitzman.
Brett Lee  is an Australian cricketer.
Otters are animals that live near and around water.
An arsenal is a place where guns and ammunition are made, repaired or stored.
The Medal of Honor is the highest award given to members of the United States Military.
Asynchronous Transfer Mode is a set of protocols used for computer networks.
Blood type or blood group is a medical term.
Trance music is a kind of electronic music.
Acuminite is a mineral that is colorless in color and is made from crystals.
Warthog  are nonetheless remarkable animals.
Moraines are accumulations of debris that are found in regions where there are glaciers or were glaciers formerly.
Silt is soil or rock that developed from granular material of a specific grain size.
A catalytic converter is a device fitted onto the tailpipe of a car to help reduce the amount of greenhouse gases it sends out into the air.
Adamite is a mineral that can be either yellow, purple, green, pink, or yellowish-green in color and is made from crystals.
Six Flags Great Adventure is a very large theme park in Jackson Township, New Jersey, United States.
Adamsite- is a mineral that can be white, pale pink, pale purple, or is colorless in color and is made of crystals.
Eighteen is a number.
Nineteen is a number.
Twenty-one is a number.
Samuel Pepys,  was an English administrator at the Admiralty and Member of Parliament, who is now most famous for his diary.
Jorge Guillén y Álvarez  was a Spanish poet, a member of the Generation of '27.
Albatrosses are a family  of seabirds.
Proxima Centauri is a red dwarf star that is likely a part of the Alpha Centauri star system and is the closest star to the Sun at a distance of 4.22 light years.
The San Jacinto Fault Zone is a series of faults that run through Southern California.
The Dhammapāda is a Buddhist scripture.
A chant is a type of song.
"Habenaria mossii" is a species of plant in the Orchidaceae family.
Twenty-two is a number.
Twenty-three is a number.
Adelite is a mineral that can be blueish-gray, green, gray, yellow, or light green in color and is made of crystals.
"The Naked Brothers Band" is a television series that airs on Nickelodeon.
The Matterhorn  or Cervino ,  is perhaps the most familiar mountain in the European Alps.
Jura is a department in the east of France.
"Fray" is an eight-issue comic book series.
Erik Satie , 17 May 1866; died Paris, 1 July 1925) was a French composer.
The Dryopteridaceae is a family of ferns that can be found almost anywhere on the world.
Particle size, also called grain size, means the diameter of individual grains of sediment, or the lithified particles in clastic rocks.
Rock flour, or glacial flour, consists of clay-sized particles of rock, generated by glacial erosion or by artificial grinding to a similar size.
The Virginia Opossum , sometimes called a possum, is a marsupial.
A motor ship is a ship moved through water by an engine, usually a diesel engine.
Twenty-four is a number.
Twenty-five is a number.
Passo de Camaragibe is a municipality located in the northern coast of the Brazilian state of Alagoas.
A folded mountain or fold mountain is created when two tectonic plates hit each other straight on.
Radlin is a town in Wodzisław County, Silesian Voivodeship, Poland, with about 17,673 people .
The term particle size is used to compare dimensions of different small material objects.
Chichester is a small cathedral city in West Sussex, England, with a population of 23,731, .
Admontite is a mineral that is colorless in color and is made of crystals.
Hydrology  is the study of the movement, distribution, and quality of water throughout the Earth.
In geometry, a semicircle is a two-dimensional geometric shape that forms half of a circle.
Hurricane Camille was the third named storm and second hurricane of the 1969 Atlantic hurricane season.
The Labor Day Hurricane of 1935 was the strongest tropical cyclone during the 1935 Atlantic hurricane season.
Vahan Hovhannesi Totovents  was an Armenian writer, poet and public activist.
Leonid Azkaldian   was an Armenian physicist and one of the founders and the commander of "Liberation Army" military organization.
The Central United States is sometimes conceived as between the Eastern United States and Western United States as part of a three-region model, roughly coincident with the Midwestern United States plus the western and central portions of the Southern United States; the term is also sometimes used more or less as a synonym for the Midwest, leaving out all or most of the South.
The International Committee of the Red Cross  is a "private" humanitarian organisation based in Geneva, Switzerland.
Meridian is a city located in, and the county seat of, Lauderdale County in Mississippi, a state of the United States of America.
The Hydrometeorological Prediction Center (a.k.a.
While there is no single agreed upon definition, generally more than six tornadoes in a day in the same region is considered a tornado outbreak.
Côte-Nord  is the second largest administrative region by land area in Quebec, Canada.
Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean is a region in Quebec, Canada.
Plaquemines Parish  is the parish with the biggest combined land and water area in the U.S.
Naiad or Neptune III is the closest moon to Neptune named after the Naiads of Greek legend.
Tamsui  is a sea-side town in Taipei County, Taiwan.
Lovisa Aarberg,  was a Swedish surgeon and doctor.
Kisamor, , was a famous female doctor in Sweden.
Amalia Lindegren, , was a famous Swedish painter.
Thalassa or Neptune IV, is the second closest moon to Neptune.
Bayerischer Rundfunk is the main German radio and television broadcasting company for Bavaria.
Circadian rhythm sleep disorders occur when the circadian rhythm is disrupted or is not functioning properly.
The Asian Elephant  is a elephant species living in Asia.
Karolina Sofia Bock, , was a Swedish dancer, actor and singer.
Lea Ahlborn,  was a famous Swedish artist.
Hedda  Hjortsberg, , was a Swedish ballerina.
Despina or Neptune V, is the third closest moon to Neptune.
A chef is a person who cooks food as their job.
St.
Slidell is a city in St.
St.
Chewing gum is a type of candy.
Herat , is the second largest city of Afghanistan and capital of a province with the same name.
Mobile  is the third most populous city in the U.S.
A relay race is a track and field event in which runners run a pre-set distance carrying a baton before passing it onto the next runner.
Bayou La Batre (is a city in Mobile County, Alabama, United States.
Bay Saint Louis is a city located in Hancock County, Mississippi.
Waveland is a city located in Hancock County, Mississippi, on the Gulf of Mexico.
Pass Christian is a city in Harrison County, Mississippi, United States, along the Gulf of Mexico.
Long Beach is a city  located in Harrison County, Mississippi, USA.
Gulfport is the second largest city in Mississippi after the state capital Jackson.
The Gulfport-Biloxi-Pascagoula Combined Statistical Area is made up of five counties in the Mississippi Gulf Coast region.
The Gulfport-Biloxi Metropolitan Statistical Area is a metropolitan area in the Mississippi Gulf Coast region that covers three counties - Hancock, Harrison, and Stone.
Biloxi  is a city in Harrison County, Mississippi, in the U.S..
El Toro  is a wooden rollercoaster at Six Flags Great Adventure in Jackson, New Jersey, United States.
Galatea or Neptune VI, is the fourth closest moon to Neptune.
Nguyen Hue  was a general, an emperor of Tay Son Dynasty in the history of Vietnam.
The MiG-29 Fulcrum is a fighter aircraft made by Russian aircraft company Mikoyan.
Emmanuelle Grey "Emmy" Rossum  is an American actress, best known for her role as Laura Chapman in the 2004 movie "The Day After Tomorrow" and Christine Daae in "The Phantom of the Opera".
Bedouin people live in the deserts of North Africa and the Middle East.
Twenty-six is a number.
Twenty-seven is a number.
Twenty-eight is a number.
Twenty-nine is a number.
Thirty-one is a number.
Thirty-two is a number.
Thirty-three is a number.
Thirty-four is a number.
Thirty-five is a number.
Thirty-six is a number.
Thirty-seven is a number.
The Pokédex is a tool used by Pokémon trainers all around the Pokémon world in different regions.
Evolve by Leveling.
Jewitchery is a modern religion which has been based on minority beliefs.
Larissa or Neptune VII, is the fifth closest moon to Neptune.
Borat Sagdiyev  is a fictional Kazakhstani journalist portrayed by British comedian Sacha Baron Cohen.
Dermatology is a branch of medicine that deals with skin, hair, sweat glands, etc.
Maria Christina Rohl, , was a Swedish artist.
George Basil Cardinal Hume OSB, OM, MA, STL  was an English prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.
Proteus or Neptune VIII, is the second biggest moon of Neptune, and its biggest close moon.
Nereid or Neptune II, is a moon of Neptune.
Thirty-eight is a number.
Thirty-nine is a number.
Forty-one is a number.
Ocean Springs is a city in Jackson County, Mississippi, USA, about 2 miles east of Biloxi.
Forty-two is a number.
Gautier is a city along the Gulf of Mexico, west of Pascagoula, in Jackson County, Mississippi, United States.
Pascagoula is a city in Jackson County, Mississippi, United States.
Forty-three is a number.
Forty-four is a number.
Sonoma County is a county in Northern California.
Forty-five is a number.
Forty-six is a number.
The Russian River is the largest river and watercourse in Sonoma County, California.
Forty-seven is a number.
Halimede is a non-spherical moon of Neptune.
The Hurricane Katrina tornado outbreak was a tornado outbreak across the eastern United States from August 29 to 31, 2005, spawned mostly by the outer bands of Hurricane Katrina .
A square number is the result of a number multiplied by itself to equal another number.
Miami-Dade County  is a county located in the southeastern part of the state of Florida.
Broward County is a county located in the U.S.
Britt Max Mayfield  is a meteorologist who served as the director of the National Hurricane Center from 2000 to 2007.
A levee, levée , floodbank or stopbank is a natural or artificial slope or wall, usually earthen and often parallels the course of a river.
A river delta is a landform where the mouth of a river flows into an ocean, sea, desert, estuary, lake or another river.
The C-5 Galaxy is a very big military cargo aircraft made by Lockheed  used by the United States Air Force.
The term template, when used in the context of word processing software, refers to a sample "fill-in-the-blank" document that can be completed either by hand or through an automated iterative process, such as a with a wizard.
Hurricane Betsy was a strong hurricane of the 1965 Atlantic hurricane season which caused a lot of damage in the Bahamas, Florida, and Louisiana.
The "Houston Chronicle" is the largest daily newspaper in Texas, USA.
A delta wing is a wing used on fixed-wing aircraft, mainly fighter aircraft.
"Popular Mechanics" is an American magazine devoted to science and technology.
"Scientific American" is a popular science magazine, published  since August 28, 1845, making it the oldest continuously published magazine in the United States.
"The Times-Picayune" is a daily newspaper published in New Orleans, Louisiana, United States.
Poultry is a group of domesticated birds kept for meat, eggs, and feathers.
A gas station, also known as a filling station, fueling station, service station or petrol station is a facility which sells fuel and lubricants for motor vehicles.
A warehouse is a commercial building for storage of goods.
A nursery is a place where plants are cultivated and grown to usable size.
A credit union is a cooperative financial institution that is owned and controlled by its members.
The family Tettigoniidae, known in American English as katydids and in British English as bush-crickets, contains more than 6,400 species.
"Bills, Bills, Bills" was the first single  from Destiny's Child's second album "The Writing's on the Wall".
Anna Maria Thelott'", , was a Swedish artist.
Justina Kristina Casagli, , was a famous singer and actor.
Forty-eight is a number.
Forty-nine is a number.
Cynthia Lillian Lennon née Powell  was the first wife of John Lennon.
Fifty-one is a number.
Fifty-three is a number.
Fifty-two is a number.
Fifty-four is a number.
Fifty-five is a number.
The Mandrill  are the most colourful primates in the world.
Carburization  is the process by which carbon is introduced into a metal.
Fifty-six is a number.
Sao is a non-spherical moon of Neptune.
The Dresden University of Technology  is the largest university in the state of Saxony and one of the 10 largest universities in Germany with 34,993 students.
Fifty-seven is a number.
Fifty-eight is a number.
Fifty-nine is a number.
Laomedeia also Neptune XII, is a non-spherical moon of Neptune.
Tropical Storm Jerry was the tenth named storm of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season.
Jenner, California is a small town in Sonoma County, California, U.S..
Tropical Storm Ingrid was a weak tropical storm that existed from September 12 – September 17, 2007.
Jenner Beach is a beach in Jenner, California.
Sixty-one is a number.
Sixty-seven is a number.
Psamathe or Neptune X, is a non-spherical moon of Neptune.
Sixty-two is a number.
Sixty-three is a number.
Sixty-four is a number.
Sixty-five is a number.
Sixty-six is a number.
A Tropical Upper Tropospheric Trough  is a trough situated in upper-level  tropics.
The Leeward Islands are the northern islands of the Lesser Antilles chain of islands, part of the West Indies.
Sixty-eight is a number.
Sixty-nine is a number.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean, approximately 300 km southeast of Puerto Rico.
Antigua  is an island in the West Indies, Leeward Islands in the Caribbean region, the main island of the country of Antigua and Barbuda.
Tropical Storm Melissa was the thirteenth named storm of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season.
Seventy-one is a number.
Neso also known as Neptune XIII, is the farthest non-spherical moon of Neptune.
A weather front is a boundary in between two masses of air of different densities, and is the principal cause of significant weather.
The subtropical ridge is a large belt of high pressure situated around 30ºN in the Northern Hemisphere and 30ºS in the Southern Hemisphere.
Vorticity is a mathematical concept used in fluid dynamics.
Barbuda is an island in the eastern Caribbean, and forms part of the state of Antigua and Barbuda.
Émile Durkheim  was a French sociologist.
Popcorn is a snack food.
The SBD Dauntless  was a dive bomber made by Douglas Aircraft Company  during World War II.
John Bardeen  was an American physicist and electrical engineer.
Reconnaissance, sometimes referred to as scouting, is the act of exploring  to gain information.
A Cape Verde-type hurricane is an Atlantic hurricane that develops near the Cape Verde islands, off the west coast of Africa.
The Windward Islands are the southern islands of the Lesser Antilles.
Most countries have statutes and laws that regulate the registration of births.
Vital records are records of life events.
Tzitzernavank Monastery  is an Armenian monastery located in the region of Kashatagh .
Hérens is a district in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
1The municipalities of Guttet and Feschel were combined on October 1, 2000 .
Martigny is a district in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Mariner 10 was a robotic space probe launched on November 3, 1973, to fly by the planets Mercury and Venus.
Fender is a well known company that produces guitars.
Myra is an ancient town in Lycia.The small town of Kale  is situated near it today.
Metis or, is Jupiter's closest moon.
The Goblin Valley State Park is a State park in the southern Utah.
The European Article Number  is a standard to do barcodes.
Carrefour is a poor district in the Ouest Department of Port-au-Prince, Haïti.
Mochi is a type of Japanese confectionary made from pounded pasty rice and molded into shape.
"Donkey Kong" is an arcade video game made by Nintendo in 1981.
Léogâne is the name of both a coastal city and an arrondissement in Ouest Department, Haiti.
Atlantic Beach is a city in Duval County, Florida, United States.
Pity is an emotion that may come from being near a person or animal who is injured, or in another unfortunate situation.
In climbing, the first climb to reach the top of a mountain is called first ascent.
The ZIP code is the system of postal codes used by the United States Postal Service .
Eastern European Time  is one of the names of UTC+2 time zone, 2 hours ahead of Coordinated Universal Time.
Thomas Leo "Tom" Clancy Jr.
Mount Thor is a mountain on Baffin Island, Nunavut, Canada.
Waluigi is a character in Nintendo's series of Mario video games.
 was a Prussian naturalist and explorer.
Nike, Incorporated is a company in the United States near Beaverton, Oregon.
The pound is the official money used in the United Kingdom.
Vestfold is a county in Norway.
Buskerud is one of Norway's 19 counties.
Telemark is a county in Norway.
Akershus is one of the nineteen counties in Norway.
The West Highland White Terrier or Westie is originally a Scottish dog.
"Soldier" is an R&B/hip hop song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Kelly Rowland, Michelle Williams, Rich Harrison, Sean Garrett, T.I., and Lil Wayne for Destiny's Child's fourth studio album, "Destiny Fulfilled" .
In dermatology, an abrasion, is a damage to the skin, that affects only the surface, generally not deeper than the epidermis.
In materials science, wear is the erosion of material from a solid surface by the action of another solid.
Compacted oxide layer glaze describes the often shiny, wear-protective layer of oxide formed when two metals  are slid against each other at high temperature in an oxygen-containing atmosphere.
In medicine, a wound is a type of physical trauma where in the skin is torn, cut or punctured , or where blunt force trauma causes a bruise .
Armando Anthony "Chick" Corea  is a multiple Grammy Award winning American jazz pianist/keyboardist and composer.
Monthey is a district of the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Raron is a district in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Street Children is a term which can refer to different kinds of children.
Saint-Maurice is a district in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Sierre is a district of the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Sion is a district of the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Steckborn is a district of the canton of Thurgau.
Frauenfeld is a district of the canton of Thurgau.
American Badgers  are animals found primarily in the Great Plains area of North America.
Kreuzlingen is a district of the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Weinfelden is one of the eight districts of the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Bischofszell is a district of the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Diessenhofen is a district of the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Münchwilen is one of the eight districts of the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Arbon is a district of the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Steckborn is a municipality and the capital city of the district of Steckborn in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Frauenfeld is the capital city of the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Benito Jerónimo Feijoo y Montenegro  was a Galician neoclassical monk and scholar noted for encouraging scientific thought in Galicia and Spain.
Kreuzlingen is a municipality in the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Weinfelden is a municipality in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Bernardino de Sahagún , was a Franciscan missionary to the Aztec  people of Mexico, best known as the compiler of the "Florentine Codex," also known as "Historia general de las cosas de Nueva España" .
A bruise, also called a contusion or ecchymosis, is a kind of injury to biological tissue in which the capillaries are damaged, allowing blood to seep into the surrounding tissue.
Leopoldo Alas y Ureña , also known as "Clarín" was a Spanish realist writer born in Zamora.
Pasiphaë is one of Jupiter's moons.
! bgcolor="#a0ffa0" colspan="2" | Orbital characteristics ! align="left" | Semi-major axis ! align="left" | Orbital period ! align="left" | Inclination ! align="left" | Is a moon of ! bgcolor="#a0ffa0" colspan="2" | Physical characteristics ! align="left" | Mean diameter ! align="left" | Mean density ! align="left" | Surface gravity ! align="left" | Rotation period ! align="left" | Axial tilt Anthe is a very small moon of Saturn between the orbits of Mimas and Enceladus.
Kiviuq is a non-spherical moon of Saturn.
Manchukuo was a Japanese puppet state in Manchuria and eastern Inner Mongolia ruled by the former Emperor of China Puyi.
Ijiraq is a non-spherical moon of Saturn.
Denial of the Armenian Genocide is the assertion that the events within the Ottoman Empire following April 24 1915 and the Tehcir Law of May 1915 were not part of a state-organized genocide directed against the empire's Armenian inhabitants, and that the Armenian Genocide did not occur.
Paaliaq is a non-spherical moon of Saturn.
The term "Hebrew Bible" means books of the Bible that were originally written in Hebrew, and of which people agree that they belong to the Biblical canon.
Skathi or Saturn XXVII, is a moon of Saturn.
A targum  is an Aramaic translation of the Hebrew Bible  that was written or compiled in Palestine or in Babylonia from the Second Temple period until the early Middle Ages .
Adam Craig Gilchrist  is an Australian cricketer.
A department store is a store that sells many different products.
"The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement" is a 2004 Disney movie based on the Princess Diaries book series by Meg Cabot.
Transfer chess  is a version of the game, chess.
Harry Kewell  is an Australian football player.
"Worry Warts" is a children's story is by the award winning author Morris Gleitzman.
Maiasaura was a large, plant-eating, duck-billed dinosaur.
Bait is used by fishermen to catch fish.
Dennis John Kucinich  is a United States Representative from Ohio.
Tusks is a very long tooth that some animals have.
William Blaine "Bill" Richardson III  is the Governor of the United States state of New Mexico.
Michael Dale "Mike" Huckabee  is a former governor of the U.S.
Rudolph William Louis "Rudy" Giuliani  is a politician from New York in the United States.
Albiorix is a non-spherical moon of Saturn.
S/2007 S 2 is an unnamed moon of Saturn.
Bebhionn or Saturn XXXVII  is a moon of Saturn.
Erriapo or Saturn XXVIII, is non-spherical moon of Saturn.
Skoll or Saturn XLVII  is non-spherical moon of Saturn.
Siarnaq or Saturn XXIX, is a non-spherical moon of Saturn.
Tarqeq or Saturn LII  is a moon of Saturn.
Brunswick is a city in the U.S.
Cocoa Beach is a city in Brevard County, Florida, United States.
The Santee River is a river in South Carolina in the United States, 143 mi .
The Federal Emergency Management Agency, or FEMA, is an agency of the United States Department of Homeland Security.
Tropical Depression 10 was the first tropical cyclone in the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season that did not make it to tropical storm force strength.
Utahraptor was a large mid-Cretaceous predator with 9-15 inch long middle-toe claws.
Albertosaurus was a relative of Tyrannosaurus.
Michael John Clarke  is an Australian cricketer.
S/2004 S 13 is a moon of Saturn.
Greip or Saturn LI  is a moon of Saturn.
Hyrrokkin or Saturn XLIV  is a moon of Saturn.
Jarnsaxa or Saturn L  is a moon of Saturn.
Tarvos or Saturn XXI is a non-spherical moon of Saturn.
1450 was a common year in the 15th century.
A product is something that is made  and often something that is sold.
Yippee is a 2006 documentary movie created by Jewish-American director Paul Mazursky.
Vung Tau  is a city in Ba Ria-Vung Tau Province, Vietnam.
A Media Access Control address  is a 48 bit code which allows a computer to be part of a computer network.
The Arabic Wikipedia  is the Arabic language version of Wikipedia.
The French Wikipedia  is the French language edition of Wikipedia, spelled "Wikipédia".
The German Wikipedia  is the German language edition of Wikipedia.
Mundilfari or Saturn XXV, is a moon of Saturn.
S/2006 S 1 is an unnamed moon of Saturn.
S/2004 S 17 is an unnamed moon of Saturn.
Bergelmir or Saturn XXXVIII  is a moon of Saturn.
Narvi or Saturn XXXI, is a moon of Saturn.
Suttungr or Saturn XXIII, is a moon of Saturn.
Hati or Saturn XLIII  is a moon of Saturn.
S/2004 S 12 is an unnamed moon of Saturn.
Farbauti or Saturn XL  is a moon of Saturn.
Thrymr or Saturn XXX, is a moon of Saturn.
Aegir or Saturn XXXVI  is a moon of Saturn.
S/2007 S 3 is an unnamed moon of Saturn.
The District of Porrentruy is one of the districts of the canton of Jura, Switzerland.
The District of Franches-Montagnes is a district of the canton of Jura, Switzerland.
Bestla or Saturn XXXIX  is a moon of Saturn.
S/2004 S 7 is an unnamed moon of Saturn.
Beckenried is a municipality of the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland.
Buochs is a municipality in the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland.
S/2006 S 3 is an unnamed moon of Saturn.
Fenrir or Saturn XLI  is a moon of Saturn.
Surtur or Saturn XLVIII  is a moon of Saturn.
Kari or Saturn XLV  is a moon of Saturn.
Ymir or Saturn XIX is a moon of Saturn.
Loge or Saturn XLVI  is a moon of Saturn.
Fornjot or Saturn XLII  is a moon of Saturn.
Cordelia it the closest moon to Uranus.
s", in Switzerland usually called "Fleischkäse") is a meat specialty.
Albula is one of the districts in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.
Bernina is a district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
Ophelia is a closer moon of Uranus.
Hinterrhein is a district of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
Imboden is a district of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
Inn is a district of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
Landquart is a district of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
Maloja is a district of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
Moesa is a district of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
Plessur is a district of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
Davos is a district of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
Adrastea or, is the second closest moon to Jupiter.
Surselva is a district of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
Almens is a municipality in the district of Hinterrhein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
Bernese Jura  is a part of the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
Alvaneu is a municipality in the district of Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.
Birgisch is a municipality in the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Amalthea is the third closest moon to Jupiter.
Eggerberg is a municipality in the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Mund is a municipality in the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Dallenwil is a municipality in the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland.
Emmetten is a municipality in the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland.
Ennetbürgen is a municipality in the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland.
Ennetmoos is a municipality in the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland.
Carpo or, is a moon of Jupiter.
Sari is the capital city of the Mazandaran province in Iran.
Rasht is the capital city of the Gilan province of Iran.
Mazandaran  is a province in the north of Iran.
Kallichore or, is a moon of Jupiter.
Eurydome or, is a moon of Jupiter.
A Sari is a type of clothing for women.
West Berlin was the name of the western part of Berlin between 1949 and 1990.
Thyone or, is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter.
The Su-27 Flanker is a Soviet fighter aircraft made by Sukhoi.
Friedrich Wilhelm Murnau  was one of the most influential directors of the silent film era.
Harpalyke or, is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter.
Giganotosaurus is one of the biggest carnivorous dinosaurs yet discovered.
Orthosie or, is a moon of Jupiter.
Eoraptor  is one of the earliest known dinosaurs.
Expressionism is a kind of art.
Suchomimus  was a fish-eating  large spinosaurid theropod dinosaur with a crocodile-like are during the middle portion of the Cretaceous period in Africa.
Kale or, is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter.
Celtic Reconstructionist Paganism, which is sometimes just called by its initials, "CR", is a religion.
Hurricane Humberto formed and strengthened faster than any other tropical cyclone on record within 18 hours of landfall; developing on September 12, 2007 in the northwestern Gulf of Mexico, the cyclone quickly strengthened and struck High Island, Texas, with winds of about 90 mph  early on September 13.
High Island is an unincorporated area located in Galveston County, Texas.
This article covers the details of the preparations for Hurricane Katrina, a major category 5 hurricane that destroyed parts of Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama.
The Waterford Steam Electric Station, Unit 3, also known as Waterford 3, is a nuclear power station located on a 3,000-acre  up-river from Hahnville, Louisiana, in St.
A passenger car is a type of train that is designed to carry people to and from places.
McComb is a city located in Pike County, Mississippi, about 80 miles south of Jackson, just off of Interstate 55.
Checkpoint Charlie was one of three places where people could travel from the American occupied sectors of Germany and Berlin to the Soviet occupied sectors.
Most countries have a Customs Service.
Whisky is an alcoholic drink distilled from grain and aged in wooden casks.
Iocaste or, is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter.
Chaldene or, is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter.
Amanda Jenssen  was the first runner up at Pop idol Sweden 2007.
Erinome or, is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter.
Aoede or, is a moon of Jupiter.
The Italian Wikipedia  is the Italian-language edition of Wikipedia.
Quraysh or Quraish was the dominant tribe of Mecca upon the appearance of the religion of Islam.
Arche or, is a moon of Jupiter.
Eukelade or, is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter.
Surat Quraysh   is the 106th chapter of the Qur'an.
Sura , plural "Suwar") is an Arabic term that means literally "something enclosed or surrounded by a fence or wall." Sura means a "chapter" of the Qur'an.
Kore or is a moon of Jupiter.
Hertha BSC Berlin is a German football club based in Berlin.
Many novels of great length do not have chapters.
Sponde or, is a moon of Jupiter.
The Battle of Uhud  was fought on 23 March, 625  at Mount Uhud, in what is now north-western Arabia.
The Battle of Badr , was fought March 17, 624 CE of western Arabia .
Hermippe or, is a moon of Jupiter.
A ceasefire  is a stoppage of a war or any armed conflict, where each side of the conflict agrees with the other to stop aggressive actions for some time.
Khālid ibn al-Walīd   also known as Sayf-Allah al-Maslul , was one of the two famous Arab generals of the Muslim army during the Muslim conquests of the 7th Century.
Military tactics  are the techniques for using weapons or military units to fight an enemy in battle.
A marching band is a group of instrumental musicians who generally perform outdoors.
Hergiswil is a municipality in the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland.
Max Christian Friedrich Bruch  also known as Max Karl August Bruch, was a German Romantic composer and conductor who wrote over 200 works, including three violin concertos, one of which is a staple of the violin repertoire.
Oberdorf is a municipality of the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland.
Postgraduate is the name for someone who is doing further education, after he or she graduated from university.
Stans is the capital city of the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland.
Stansstad is a municipality of the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland.
Wolfenschiessen is a municipality of the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland.
Bischofszell is a municipality of the district of Bischofszell in the canton of Thurgau in the country of Switzerland.
Diessenhofen is a municipality of the district of Diessenhofen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Münchwilen is a municipality and capital city of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Arbon is a municipality and capital city of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Aadorf is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
A genius is a person who is exceptionally intelligent.
Affeltrangen is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Altnau is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Amlikon-Bissegg is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Amriswil is a municipality of the district of Bischofszell in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Taygete or, is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter.
Betschwanden is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.
Glarus is a canton in east Switzerland.
The district of Mendrisio is the southernmost district of canton of Ticino and of Switzerland.
Chert is a type of rock that includes flint and agate.
Mendrisio is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Coldrerio is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
The Franciscan Assemblage is a term in geology that describes the assemblage of rocks located near the San Franciscan Peninsula.
Genestrerio is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Blind Beach is a beach in Sonoma County, California, near Goat Rock Beach.
Goat Beach is a beach in Sonoma County, California, near Goat Rock Beach.
The Sonoma Coast State Beach is a string of beaches in Sonoma County, California, extending from Bodega Head in Bodega to just north of Goat Rock Beach.
The Swiss canton of Bern has a population of about 947,000.
Aarberg is a municipality of the district of Aarberg in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.
Bargen is a municipality in the district of Aarberg in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
The Coast Miwok were a Native American tribe who lived in what is now Northern California.
The Pomo were a Native American tribe who lived in what is now Northern California.
Euporie or is a moon of Jupiter.
Autonoe or, is a moon of Jupiter.
Hegemone or, is a moon of Jupiter.
Euanthe or is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter.
Kalyke or, is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter.
Megaclite or, is a moon of Jupiter.
Emerald is a color that is a shade of green.
Isonoe or, is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter.
André-Marie Ampère  was a French physicist and mathematician who helped discover electromagnetism.
Cyllene or, is a moon of Jupiter.
A dive bomber is a bomber aircraft that dives towards the ground so it can get very close to its targets.
Naters is a municipality of the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Ried-Brig is a municipality of the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Simplon is a municipality of the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Fiberglass  is material made from extremely fine fibers of glass.
Composite materials  are engineered materials made from two or more constituent materials with significantly different physical or chemical properties and which remain separate and distinct on a macroscopic level within the finished structure.
Fibre or fiber is a class of materials that are continuous filaments or are in discrete elongated pieces, similar to lengths of thread.
A fibre-reinforced polymer ) is a composite material that consists of a polymer matrix that is reinforced with fibres.
Glass-reinforced plastic , is a composite material or fiber-reinforced polymer made of a plastic reinforced by fine fibers made of glass.
Carbon fiber reinforced plastic , is a very strong, light and expensive composite material or fiber-reinforced plastic.
In physics, thermal expansion is the tendency of matter to change in volume in response to a change in temperature.
Carbon fiber or Carbon fibre is also sometimes called graphite fiber.
In mathematics, a coefficient is a constant multiplicative factor of a certain object.
Enrico Fermi  was an Italian physicist who worked on the first nuclear reactor and helped make quantum theory.
A physical coefficient is an important number that characterizes some physical property of a technical or scientific object.
Solids mostly expand in response to heating and contract on cooling.
Surveying is the technique and science of accurately determining the position of points and the distances and angles between them.
Jorge Manrique (c.
"Minutes to Midnight" is third studio album by American nu metal band, Linkin Park.
Thelxinoe or is a moon of Jupiter.
Oskar Lafontaine  is a left-wing German politician and a founder member of the new political party "Die Linke".
In mathematics, the former differential coefficient of a function "f" is now called its derivative "df"/"dx".
A period in the Periodic Table is any horizontal row of elements.
Atomic orbitals are a series of concentric spheres in which electrons orbit.
Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf is a borough of Berlin, formed in 2001 by joining together the old boroughs of Charlottenburg and Wilmersdorf.
Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg is a borough of Berlin.
Lichtenberg is a borough of Berlin, Germany.
Proteaceae is a family of flowering plants.
Marzahn-Hellersdorf is one of the 12 new boroughs of Berlin.
A billionaire is somebody who has at least one billion units of currency .
Neukölln is a borough of Berlin.
Pankow is one of the new borough of Berlin.
Reinickendorf is a borough of Berlin.
Pasithee or, is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter.
Steglitz-Zehlendorf is a borough of Berlin.
"Thrillville" is a PlayStation 2, Xbox and PlayStation Portable game made by Lucasarts and Frontier.
Volvo is a Swedish car and truck maker founded in 1927.
Tempelhof-Schöneberg is one of the new borough of Berlin, formed in 2001 by merging the old boroughs of Tempelhof and Schöneberg.
Treptow-Köpenick is a borough of Berlin, formed in 2001 by merging the former boroughs of Treptow and Köpenick.
Platanaceae is a family of flowering plants.
Microsoft Office Online is the website of Microsoft Office.
Visual Studio Tools for Office  is an add-on product for Microsoft's Visual Studio product that enables developers to create applications built on the Microsoft Office.
Callirrhoe or, is one of Jupiter's farthest named moons.
Mneme or, is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter.
The lift coefficient  is coefficient without a dimension that relates the lift generated by an airfoil, the dynamic pressure of the fluid flow around the airfoil, and the planform area of the airfoil.
Karl Dönitz   was a German naval leader.
Helike or, is a moon of Jupiter.
In fluid dynamics, turbulence or turbulent flow is a flow regime characterized by chaotic, stochastic property changes.
Praxidike or, is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter.
The Great Dark Spot was a dark spot on Neptune similar in appearance to Jupiter's Great Red Spot.
The term supersonic is used to describe a speed that is over the speed of sound .
The Small Dark Spot, sometimes also called Dark Spot 2 or The Wizard's Eye, was a southern cyclonic storm on the planet Neptune.
Aitne or, is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter.
William Lassell  was a British astronomer, born in Bolton, Lancashire, England.
The Roche limit , sometimes referred to as the Roche radius, is the distance within which a celestial body, held together only by its own gravity, will disintegrate due to a second celestial body's tidal forces exceeding the first body's gravitational self-attraction.
A synchronous orbit is an orbit in which an orbiting body  has a period equal to the average rotational period of the body being orbited , and in the same direction of rotation as that body.
François Jean Dominique Arago  was a French mathematician, physicist, astronomer and politician.
is an unnamed non-spherical moon of Jupiter.
Santiago Rodríguez is a province of the Dominican Republic.
is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter.
Magnolia is a genus of 210 species.
is a moon of Jupiter.
The MiG-19 Farmer was a Soviet fighter aircraft made by Mikoyan.
1162 Larissa is an outer main belt asteroid orbiting the Sun.
Nicolas Camille Flammarion  was a French astronomer and writer.
is a moon of Jupiter.
Johann Gottfried Galle  was a German astronomer at the Berlin Observatory who, with the help of student Heinrich Louis d'Arrest, was the first person to view the planet Neptune, and know what he was looking at .
The Voyager program is a space exploration program of the United States' NASA agency.
A Neptune Trojan is an object, for example a moon or asteroid, which is in the same orbit as the planet Neptune.
Edward Guinan is currently a professor in Villanova University's Department of Astronomy and Astrophysics.
An occultation is an event that occurs when one object is hidden by another object that passes between it and the observer.
The flattening, ellipticity, or oblateness of an oblate spheroid is the "squashing" of the spheroid's pole, down towards its equator.
Adaptive optics is a technology to improve the performance of optical systems by reducing the effects of rapidly changing optical distortion.
Optical depth is a measure of transparency.
The English free settlers were the people that chose to go to Australia.
In poetry, meter  means the rhythmic patterns in a verse.
In poetry a verse is used for a single line in a metrical composition, e.g.
is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter.
In fluid dynamics dynamic pressure depends on density and velocity of the fluid.
Lichtenberg was a borough in Berlin.
Aaron Burr, Jr.
Charlotte Karin Lindström  is a former waitress, promotion model and current prisoner who on May 26, 2007 at 10.40am was arrested in Sydney, Australia on suspicion of trying to hire a hitman to kill two men who were about to testify against her boyfriend Steven Spaliviero in court.
Bilten is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.
Braunwald is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.
Elm is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.
Engi is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.
Ennenda is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.
Filzbach is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.
Glarus  is the capital of the Canton of Glarus in Switzerland.
Haslen is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.
Linthal is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.
Luchsingen is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.
Matt is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.
Agno is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Airolo is a municipality of the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Alto Malcantone is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Balerna is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Castel San Pietro is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Chiasso is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Morbio Inferiore is a municipality of the canton of Ticino in the country of Switzerland in the hills above Chiasso.
Caneggio is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Cabbio is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Vacallo is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Sagno is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Aarwangen is a district in the northeast corner of the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
Baden is a district in the canton of Aargau, Switzerland.
Bremgarten is a Swiss district in the Canton of Aargau.
Brugg is a district in the Canton of Aargau, Switzerland, it is located south of the Aare and the Aargauer Jura covers the district.
Kulm is an administrative district in the canton of Aargau, Switzerland.
Laufenburg is a district of the canton of Aargau, Switzerland.
Chuck Norris  is an American karate competitor and actor.
George Clinton  was an American soldier and politician.
Saint Ignatius of Antioch  (ca.
is a moon of Jupiter.
Stephen or Steven  is an English masculine first name, comes the Latin form "Stephanus" and that from the Greek "Στέφανος" , which means "crown" or "wreath." Other spellings are Stephan, Stefan, and Stevon.
Muri is a district in the Swiss Canton of Aargau with the capital of Muri.
A diminutive is a formation of a word used to express smallness of the object or quality that is meant with the word the diminutive is formed from.
Rheinfelden is a district of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Zofingen is a district in the Swiss canton of Aargau.
is a moon of Jupiter.
Flavius Galerius Valerius Licinianus Licinius (c.
Zurzach is a district in the Swiss Canton of Aargau with the capital of Zurzach.
Aarau is the capital of the northern Swiss canton of Aargau.
is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter.
Aarburg is a municipality of the district Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Abtwil is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Ammerswil is a municipality of the district Lenzburg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
The Edict of Milan was a letter signed by the Roman emperors Constantine and Licinius, that proclaimed religious toleration in the Roman Empire.
Aristau is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Arni is a municipality of the district Bremgarten in the Swiss canton of Aargau.
Religious toleration means that one accepts or permits religious beliefs and practices which are different from one's own beliefs.
Attelwil is a municipality of the district Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
is a moon of Jupiter.
Aigle is a district of the canton of Vaud, Switzerland.
Aubonne is a district of the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.
Avenches is a district of the Canton of Vaud, Switzerland.
Cossonay is a district of the Canton of Vaud, Switzerland.
Echallens is a district of the Canton of Vaud, Switzerland.
Grandson is a district of the Canton of Vaud in Switzerland.
Flavius Theodosius , also called Theodosius I and Theodosius the Great, was Roman Emperor from 379-395.
Lausanne is a district of the canton of Vaud, Switzerland.
Ernest Shackleton  was an Anglo-Irish explorer.
Lavaux is a district of the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.
Morges is a district of the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.
Anzonico is a municipality of the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Aquila is a municipality of the district of Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Aranno is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in southern Switzerland.
Basadingen-Schlattingen is a municipality of the district of Diessenhofen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Berg is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Berlingen is a municipality of the district of Steckborn in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
is a moon of Jupiter.
is a moon of Jupiter.
Stanisław Wyspiański  was a Polish writer, painter, and architect.
Eustreptospondylus  was a megalosaurid tetanuran theropod  about 23-30 ft  long, weighing about 440-550 pounds .
is a moon of Jupiter.
Megaraptor was a large, terrifying late Cretaceous predator with two enormous, sickle-like claws on each hand.
7 Iris " is a large main belt asteroid.
Juno , designated 3 Juno in the Minor Planet Center catalogue system, was the third asteroid to be discovered and is one of the largest main belt asteroids, being the second heaviest of the stony S-type.
6 Hebe " is a large Main belt asteroid.
 is the first Neptune Trojan discovered in 2001 by the Deep Ecliptic Survey.
 is a Neptune Trojan discovered by Scott S.
 is a possible Neptune Trojan discovered by Scott S.
 is a possible Neptune Trojan discovered by Scott S.
 is a Neptune Trojan discovered by the SDSS Collaboration in 2006.
is a Neptune Trojan discovered in September 2007.
A radiogenic nuclide is one that is created by a process of radioactive decay.
The tropopause is a boundary region in Earth's atmosphere between the troposphere and the stratosphere.
In fluid dynamics, gravity waves are waves generated in a fluid medium or at the interface between two mediums (e.g.
An accretion disc  is a structure formed by diffuse material in orbital motion around a central body.
Victoria Caroline Beckham  is an English singer and fashiondesigner.
Spice was the first album by the Spice Girls.
A head tie is a west and southern African women’s head scarf, specifically an elaborate ornamental head covering.
Dupatta  is a long scarf that is essential to many South Asian women's suits.
Charles XII  was the king of Sweden from 1697 to 1718.
is a deity who was a child of the seven divine generations in Japanese mythology and Shintoism, and is also referred to in the roughly translated Kojiki as "male who invites", or Izanagi-no-mikoto.
is a moon of Jupiter, and is the smallest known.
Kurt Weill , was a German composer who later became an American.
S/2000 J 11 is the farthest prograde non-spherical moon of Jupiter.
Sinope is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter.
A French press  is a special machine.
Ananke is a retrograde non-spherical moon of Jupiter.
A grind of a blade is the cross-section of the blade.
Camptosaurus  was a plant-eater from the late Jurassic period  that looked a lot like Iguanodon.
Carme is a retrograde non-spherical moon of Jupiter.
Leda or, is a prograde non-spherical moon of Jupiter.
Lysithea is a prograde non-spherical moon of Jupiter.
The Rust Belt refers to an area of the north central United States.
Pax Romana was the time when there was peace in the Roman Empire.
The UH-1 Iroquois  was a helicopter made by Bell Helicopters.
A terabyte  is a unit of measurement in computers and similar electronic devices.
"Meteora" is the second studio album by Linkin Park.
"Say My Name" is a number-one single by American R&B group Destiny's Child for the Columbia Records label, released in early 2000.
A right of veto means that somebody can stop decisions or legislation.
Bettwiesen is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Bichelsee-Balterswil is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Birwinken is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Bottighofen is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Braunau is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Bürglen is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Elbridge Thomas Gerry  was an American politician from Massachusetts.
Bussnang is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Piltdown Man  was once thought to be a "missing link" between man and ape.
Dozwil is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Egnach is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Erlen is a municipality of the district of Bischofszell in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Ermatingen is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Eschenz is a municipality of the district of Steckborn in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Eschlikon is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Felben-Wellhausen is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Fischingen is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Gachnang is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Gottlieben is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Güttingen is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
TNT is a delivery company that delivers packages either world-wide or within a country by couriers.
"The Bad Beginning" is a book by Lemony Snicket.
Count Olaf is the principal villain from Lemony Snicket's "A Series of Unfortunate Events".
Warhammer 40,000 also called 40K is a table-top game in which model armies fight against each other on miniature terrain.
Hauptwil-Gottshaus is a municipality in the district of Bischofszell in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Hefenhofen is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Herdern is a municipality of the district of Steckborn in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Hohentannen is a municipality of the district of Bischofszell in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Homburg is a municipality of the district of Steckborn in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Horn is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Termen is a municipality of the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Zwischbergen is a municipality of the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Daspletosaurus  was a tyrannosaurid theropod dinosaur that was 26-33 feet  long and weighed perhaps 2-3.5 tons .
Year 1447 was a common year starting on Sunday.
Mitte was the most central borough of Berlin .
Groß-Berlin or Greater Berlin was created by an act of the Prussian parliament made on 27 April 1920.
A Pardon is what a President or other important political person "gives" to someone who has been put in jail or taken to court.
Medellín is a village in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain.
Sean Watkins is a United States guitarist most famous as a member of Californian acoustic trio Nickel Creek.
Sara Watkins is a United States violinist most famous as a member of United States bluegrass band Nickel Creek.
Elara is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter.
A crochet hook is a tool used for making crochet fabric.
Pterodaustro was a pterosaur from South America, are living from Cretaceous period.
Dsungaripterus  was a pterosaur with 10 feet  wide leathery wings.
Himalia is the biggest non-spherical moon of Jupiter.
Kalli Raptis has worked in a Washington, DC-based nonprofit organization, where she dealt with foreign policy and conflict resolution issues in southeast Europe and the Caucasus.
"Brachychiton"  is a genus of 31 species of trees and large shrubs.
Themisto or, is a small prograde non-spherical moon of Jupiter.
Thebe or, is the fourth of Jupiter's known moons .
An antagonist is the character in a story whom has evil intent.
Joe Grant  was a famous American animator, writer and illustrator.
Ganymede is the largest moon of Jupiter, and also the largest in the Solar System.
Callisto is a moon of the planet Jupiter, discovered in 1610 by Galileo Galilei.
Troyal Garth Brooks  is an American country music singer-songwriter.
Baden is a historical state in south-west Germany.
Color or colour is a property of light as seen by people.
Hüttlingen is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld, in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Hüttwilen is a municipality of the district of Steckborn in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Kemmental is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Kesswil is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Kradolf-Schönenberg is a municipality of the district of Bischofszell in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Langrickenbach is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Lengwil is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
The Mitsubishi Model A is the only car built by the Mitsubishi Shipbuilding Company, a member of the Mitsubishi "keiretsu" which would later become Mitsubishi Motors, and the first automobile made in Japan.
Gopher is a protocol.
The inner moons of Jupiter are four small moons that orbit close to Jupiter.
The Galilean moons are the four moons of Jupiter found by Galileo Galilei.
A Passion cantata is a cantata.
Aberdeen Grammar School is one of the twelve secondary schools run by the government in the City of Aberdeen, Scotland.
The Wireless Application Protocol  is a protocol.
The Himalia group is a group of prograde non-spherical moons of Jupiter that follow similar orbits to Himalia and are thought to have a common origin.
SOS  is a Morse code.
Naturalization is when a person changes his or her nationality.
A Semaphore is an installation used to send optical signals.
The Ananke group is a group of retrograde non-spherical moons of Jupiter that follow similar orbits to Ananke and are thought to have a common origin.
The Carme group is a group of retrograde non-spherical moons of Jupiter that follow similar orbits to Carme and are thought to have a common origin.
Alexis Bouvard  was a French astronomer.
Sir George Biddell Airy  was an English mathematician and astronomer, Astronomer Royal from 1835 to 1881.
The Pasiphaë group is a group of retrograde non-spherical moons of Jupiter that follow similar orbits to Pasiphaë and are thought of have a common origin.
Rashomon is a 1950 film directed by renowned Japanese film director Akira Kurosawa.
James Challis  was an English clergyman, physicist and astronomer.
Heinrich Louis d'Arrest  was a Prussian astronomer, born in Berlin.
Olin Jeuck Eggen  was an American astronomer.
Sir John Frederick William Herschel, 1st Baronet  was an English mathematician, astronomer, chemist, and experimental photographer/inventor.
The Berlin Observatory  has its origins in 1700 when Gottfried Leibniz initiated the "Societät der Wissenschaften"  which would later  become the "Preußischen Akademie der Wissenschaften" .
Astronomer Royal is a senior post in the Royal Household of the Sovereign of the United Kingdom.
The Royal Observatory, Greenwich  was commissioned in 1675 by King Charles II, with the foundation stone being laid on 10 August.At this time the king also created the position of Astronomer Royal , to serve as the director of the observatory and to "apply himself with the most exact care and diligence to the rectifying of the tables of the motions of the heavens, and the places of the fixed stars, so as to find out the so much desired longitude of places for the perfecting of the art of navigation." It is situated on a hill in Greenwich Park in Greenwich, London, overlooking the River Thames.
Keira Christina Knightley  is a Golden Globe and Academy Award nominated English actress.
Carnosauria are infraclass very name evokes danger, from Greek for "meat-eating lizards".
Lake Pontchartrain  is a brackish lake located in southeastern Louisiana.
Bianca is a closer moon to Uranus.
Cressida is a closer moon to Uranus.
Desdemona is a closer moon to Uranus.
Arthur Edward "Art" Pepper, Jr.
Squash is a sport in which two players hit a ball with a racket .
Juliet is a closer moon to Uranus.
Plattdüütsch is a Germanic language.
Project Runway is a reality television series where clothing designers compete.
Lommis is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Mammern is a municipality of the district of Steckborn in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Märstetten is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Matzingen is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Müllheim is a municipality of the district of Steckborn in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Münsterlingen is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Neunforn is a municipality of the district Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Pfyn is a municipality of the district of Steckborn in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Raperswilen is a municipality of the district of Steckborn in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Rickenbach is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Roggwil is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Romanshorn is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
The Franconian Dialect  is a dialect, which is spoken in Franconia.
Tübingen is a city in the German state Baden-Württemberg.
Salenstein is a municipality of the district of Steckborn in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Salmsach is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Schlatt bei Diessenhofen is a municipality of the district of Diessenhofen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Schönholzerswilen is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
A bong or a water pipe is a special pipe.
Sirnach is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Sommeri is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Stettfurt is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Sulgen is a municipality of the district of Bischofszell in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Alban Berg's "Violin Concerto" was written in 1935.
Portia is a closer moon to Uranus.
Tom and Jerry Tales is an animated telvision series which begam production in 2005, currently aring on The CW's Kids WB block.
Ragıp Zarakolu  is a Turkish publisher who has long faced legal problems for publishing books on controversial things in Turkey, especially on minority and human rights in Turkey.
The term "doubling" is often used in the woodwind section.
Aska Yang, born on April 4, 1978, is a popular Taiwanese singer and a member of Million Star Gang .
Ara Gevorgian   is an Armenian musician, composer and musical producer.
Heidi Klum  is a model, actress, singer, and a clothing maker.
Ceratosauria are dinosaurs first seen in the fossil record in the late Triassic period, some 225 million years ago.
Rosalind is a closer moon to Uranus.
Cupid is a closer moon to Uranus.
An Uzi is a type of submachine gun.
Escape the Fate is an American emo and post-hardcore band from Las Vegas, Nevada.
Post-hardcore is a musical genre that evolved from hardcore punk, itself a part of the broader punk rock movement.
Tropical Storm Olga was the fifteenth named storm of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season.
Santiago is a Dominican province located in the north central part of the country.
Outflow, in meteorology, is air that flows outwards from a thunderstorm.
The Mellotron is a musical instrument, which appeared in the 1960s.
Punta Cana, named after a local cape, is a region in the easternmost tip of the Dominican Republic.
The Bayernliga  is the highest level of soccer in Bavaria.
Gavialidae is a family of reptiles within the order Crocodilia.
The gharial , sometimes called the Indian gharial or gavial, is one of two surviving members of the family Gavialidae.
Franck Bilal Ribéry  is a French football player.
The false gharial or Malayan gharial  is a fresh-water reptile.
A Prime lens is a lens wich has a fixed focal length.
In Optics  an Aperture is a hole where light can pass through.
A Variable focus lens  is a camera lens that can vary its focal length.
Belinda is a closer moon to Uranus.
In photography the word normal lens is used for camera lenses that have a focal length which is rougly the diagonal of the image projected inside the camera.
Vyankatesh Madgulkar  was one of the most popular and well-known Marathi writers of his time.
The Ren and Stimpy Show is an American cartoon created by John Kricfalusi.
Perdita is a closer moon to Uranus.
135 film is the official name of the photographic film that is most used today.
The European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages  is a European treaty that was adopted in 1992.
Finger Eleven is a Canadian rock band.
Nefertiti  (c.
A wide-angle lens is a lens that has a focal length that is shorter than that of the normal lens.
The Grand Duchy of Hesse  was a former state that existed in modern-day Germany.
Puck is a closer moon to Uranus.
"Schinus" a large genus of Anacardiaceae, many tree.
Mab is a closer moon to Uranus.
In photography, a telephoto lens is a lens.
Umbriel is a moon of Uranus found on October 24, 1851 by William Lassell.
Titania is the biggest moon of Uranus and the eighth biggest moon in the Solar System.
The 20 Hunchakian gallows  is the common name for the group of Hunchakian activists who were hanged in the Sultan Bayazid square of Constantinople in June 15, 1915.
An allowance is usually an amount of money that a parent gives to his/her child.
The Social Democrat Hunchakian Party  , also known as Hentchak is one of the oldest political parties in Armenia and the first Socialist party in the Ottoman Empire and in Persia in the 1880s.
An inverter is a device the changes electricity from devices such as batteries and solar panels  to electricity similar to that used in the home  so that small household devices can be run from batteries or such.
The 1998 FIFA World Cup was a football  sporting event that was held in France from June 10 1998 to July 12, 1998.
The 1994 FIFA World Cup was a football  sporting event that was held in USA from June 17 1994 to July 17 1994.
The 1990 FIFA World Cup was a football  sporting event that was held in Italy from June 8 to July 8, 1990.
Francisco is the closest non-spherical moon of Uranus.
Warnings and watches are two levels of alert issued by national weather forecasting bodies to coastal areas threatened by the imminent approach of a tropical cyclone of tropical storm or hurricane strength.
The City of Kingston is the capital and largest city of Jamaica.
Caliban is the second biggest retrograde non-spherical moon of Uranus.
A tropical cyclone forecast model is a computer program that uses meteorological data to forecast the motion and intensity of tropical cyclones.
Villalba  is a municipality of Puerto Rico located in the central region, northeast of Juana Díaz; south of Orocovis; and west of Coamo.
Stephano is a retrograde non-spherical moon of Uranus.
Trinculo is a retrograde non-spherical moon of Uranus.
Cabo Engaño is a cape near Punta de Agua, the easternmost point of the island of Hispaniola, in the Dominican Republic.
Sycorax is the biggest retrograde non-spherical moon of Uranus.
"Wozzeck" is an opera by the Austrian composer Alban Berg .
In Norse mythology, Gram is the name of the sword of Sigurd .
Tantra , tantricism or tantrism is the name for a number of traditions from Indian religions.
The Sorbs are Slavic people.
This is a list of Romanian writers.
Almazán is a city in Castilla y León, in Spain.
Buddha Ratnasambhava is one of the five Dhyani Buddhas.
Hydrangea, common name Hortensia, is a genus of 70-80 species of flowers.
A Mandala is a symbol of either a man or a woman in the world.
Margaret is the only prograde non-spherical moon of Uranus.
Joanot Martorell  was the Valencian author of the novel "Tirant lo Blanch," which is written in the Catalan language .
A pocket calculator is a small calculator that helps people do mathematics.
St Albans is the main urban area of the City and District of St Albans in southern Hertfordshire, England.
The City of Lancaster  is a local government district in Lancashire, England.
The Vice Chancellor is the deputy of the Federal Chancellor.
Peripheral equipment  is any equipment used to give a computer system more features.
The Federal Ministry of Marshall Plan Affairs was one of the first ministries of the Federal Republic of Germany.
The Marshall Plan  was a plan of the United States for rebuilding the allied countries of Europe after World War II.
The "Ninety-Five Theses on the Power of Indulgences", commonly known as "The Ninety-Five Theses", was written by Martin Luther.
An indulgence, in Roman Catholic theology, means that temporal punishment for sins which have already been forgiven is taken from the sinner.
Prospero is a small retrograde non-spherical moon of Uranus found on 1999-07-18 by the astrophysicist Matthew Holman and his team, and given designation S/1999 U 3.
Gaspar Melchor de Jovellanos  was a Spanish neoclassical statesman, writer and philosopher.
The Empire State Building is a skyscraper and the tallest building in New York City.
Calviá is a village on the island of Mallorca and it has some of the most beautiful beaches on the island.
The Hoover Dam is a large dam on the Colorado River.
Felanitx is on the east side of Majorca close to Porto Colom on the coast.
St.
Alcudia is a city on the island of Majorca.
The computer memory is a temporary storage area.
Setebos is one of the farthest retrograde non-spherical moons of Uranus.
The Yaque Del Norte River is the longest river in the Dominican Republic.
There are many hydroelectric plants in the Dominican Republic, which is composed of rivers, lakes, streams, and several waterfalls.
Isla Culebra   is an island-municipality of Puerto Rico originally called Isla Pasaje and Isla de San Ildefonso.
Vieques , in full Isla de Vieques, is an island-municipality of Puerto Rico in the northeastern Caribbean.
Fajardo  is a small but popular city in Puerto Rico located in the east region of the island, bordering the Atlantic Ocean, north of Ceiba and east of Luquillo.Fajardo is spread over 7 wards and Fajardo Pueblo .
Hurricane Noel was the fourteenth named storm and sixth hurricane of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season.
The meteorological history of Hurricane Wilma, the strongest tropical cyclone known in the Western Hemisphere, began in the second week of October 2005.
Top Chef is a television reality competition show.
Cozumel  is an island in the Caribbean Sea off the eastern coast of Mexico's Yucatán Peninsula, opposite Playa del Carmen.
Cape Romano is a cape at the southern end of Caxambas Island, just south of Marco Island and northwest of the Ten Thousand Islands in Collier County, Florida.
Jupiter is a town found in Palm Beach County, Florida.
Atlantic Canada, also known as the Atlantic provinces, is the region of Canada which is made up of four provinces located on the Atlantic coast: the three Maritime provinces – New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, and Prince Edward Island – and Newfoundland and Labrador.
A tomb is almost the same as a grave.
Ferdinand is the farthest retrograde non-spherical moon of Uranus.
Nix is a non-spherical moon of Pluto.
In meteorology, an anticyclone  is a weather event where there is a downward movement of the air and a high pressure area over the part of the planet's surface affected by it.
The Dvorak technique  is a widely used system to subjectively estimate tropical cyclone intensity based solely on visible and infrared satellite images.
Grand Cayman is the largest of the three Cayman Islands at about 196 km² and contains the capital George Town.
Tägerwilen is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Thundorf is a municipality of the district of district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Tobel-Tägerschen is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Uesslingen-Buch is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Hydra is the farthest moon of Pluto.
5 Astraea  is a big main belt asteroid.
Fred and George Weasley are characters in J.K.
Nanyang Technological University  is a big research university in Singapore.
ThaMuseMeant is an American folk rock band from Virginia.
Uttwil is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
8 Flora is a big, bright main belt asteroid.
Central Nacional de Televisão or CNT is a television network in Curitiba, Brazil.
A dropsonde is a weather reconnaissance device created by the National Center for Atmospheric Research , designed to be dropped from an aircraft at altitude to more accurately measure  tropical storm conditions as the device falls to the ground.
In atmospheric sciences , the pressure gradient  is a physical quantity that describes in which direction and at what rate the pressure changes the most rapidly around a particular location.
The Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory  is a laboratory in the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration /Office of Oceanic and Atmospheric Research .
Puerto Morelos is a town in Quintana Roo, Mexico's easternmost state, on the Yucatán Peninsula.
Cabo Catoche or Cape Catoche, in the Mexican state of Quintana Roo, is the northernmost point on the Yucatán Peninsula.
Key West is a city and an island of the same name near the southernmost tip of the Florida Keys in Monroe County, Florida, United States.
The Servicio Meteorologíco Nacional  is Mexico's national weather organization.
The meteorological history of Hurricane Ivan, the longest tracked tropical cyclone of the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season, lasted from late August through late September.
Tropical cyclones are ranked according to their maximum winds using several scales.
Gulf Shores is a coastal city in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States.
Hurricane Ivan was the strongest hurricane of the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season.
Orange Beach is a city in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States.
Emma Charlotte Duerre Watson  is a British actress.
Rupert Alexander Lloyd Grint  is a British actor best known for playing the character of Ron Weasley in the "Harry Potter" films.
9 Metis is one of the biggest main belt asteroids.
Saint Louis IX , also called Saint Louis, was King of France from 1226 to his death.
The Federal Ministry of Intra-German Relations  was a federal ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany.
East Sussex is a county in South East England.
10 Hygiea is the fourth biggest object in the asteroid belt, somewhat non-spherical with diameters of 350 – 500 km and a mass estimated to be 3% of the total mass of the asteroid belt.
Karl Carstens  was a German politician.
Rena Sinakin  is an American singer, songwriter and record producer.
"Goodbye" was the Bosnian and Herzegovinian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1997.
Dr.
The site of Amarna  is located on the east bank of the Nile River in the Egyptian province of Minya.
A decomposer means an organism that breaks down large molecules from dead organisms into small molecules and returns important materials to the environment.
A Chairman is someone who has authority over a group, business or company.
Saleisha Stowers is the winner of the 9th season of America's Next Top Model, a model competition on 2007.
Ganges or Ganga is a river in North India, which is named after a Hindu goddess called Ganga.
Isaac Albéniz   was a Spanish composer and pianist.
James Alan Hetfield  is an American singer, songwriter and guitarist.
Tyra Banks  is a popular supermodel.
America's Next Top Model is a reality television series created and hosted by supermodel Tyra Banks.
The Prime Minister of France is the person who controls the government of France.
Francois Fillon, born 4 March 1954 in Le Mans, France is the current Prime Minister of France.
The 1986 FIFA World Cup was a football sporting event that was held in Mexico in 1986.
Tobago is the smaller of the two main islands that make up the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago.
The Saharan Air Layer  is an intensely dry, warm and sometimes dust-laden layer of the atmosphere which often overlays the cooler, more-humid surface air of the Atlantic Ocean.
Portland Point is the southernmost point in Jamaica.
The Yucatán Channel is a strait between Mexico and Cuba.
George Town, Grand Cayman, is the capital of the Cayman Islands, in the British West Indies.
Guanahacabibes Peninsula is the western most point on the island of Cuba.
Mobile Bay is an inlet of the Gulf of Mexico, lying within the state of Alabama in the United States.
The Delmarva Peninsula is a large peninsula on the East Coast of the United States, made up by parts of three U.S.
The 1967 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1, 1967, and lasted until November 30, 1967.
Hurricane Beulah tracked through the Caribbean Sea, struck the Yucatán Peninsula of Mexico as a major hurricane, and moved west-northwest into the Gulf of Mexico, briefly gaining Category 5 status.
The islands of the Caribbean Sea, collectively known as the West Indies are sorted by size and location into the Bahamas , the Lesser Antilles and the Greater Antilles.
The 1930 FIFA World Cup was a football  sporting event that was held in Uruguay in 1930.Uruguay won the trophy after beating Argentina in the final.
The 1934 FIFA World Cup was a football  sporting event that was held in Italy in 1934.Italy won the trophy after beating Czech in the final.
The 1938 FIFA World Cup was a football  sporting event that was held in France in 1938.
The 1950 FIFA World Cup was a football  sporting event that was held in Brazil in 1954.Uruguay won the trophy after beating Brazil in the final.
The 1954 FIFA World Cup was a football  sporting event that was held in Switzerland in 1954.
The 1958 FIFA World Cup was a football  sporting event that was held in Sweden in 1954.Brazil won the trophy after beating Sweden in the final.
The 1962 FIFA World Cup was a football  sporting event that was held in Chile in 1962.
The 1970 FIFA World Cup was a football  sporting event that was held in Mexico in 1970.
The 1974 FIFA World Cup was a football  sporting event that was held in Germany in 1974.
Anglo-Saxon mythologty refers to the Migration Period Germanic paganism practiced by the English peoples in 5th to 7th century England.
Hengest (d.
The 1978 FIFA World Cup was a football  sporting event that was held in Argentina in 1978.
Holly Beach, also known as the "Cajun Riviera", is a coastal town in the state of Louisiana, United States in Cameron Parish.
Wayland was the Germanic god of blacksmiths.
The 1982 FIFA World Cup was a football  sporting event that was held in Spain in 1982.
A sporting event is when athletes play games or matches to compete  or otherwise show off their abilities in athletics.
Penance is repentance of sins, as well as the name of the Catholic Sacrament of Penance and Reconciliation/Confession.
Repentance means that a person wants to get rid of the sin that it has committed.
Repentance is an act recognized in Judaism, Christianity, and Islam.
11 Parthenope is a big, bright Main belt asteroid.
Southern All Stars are a popular rock music group from Kanagawa, Japan.
12 Victoria is a big Main belt asteroid.
Asian Kung-Fu Generation  is a Japanese pop-rock band signed by Ki/oon Records, a subsidiary of Sony Music Entertainment Japan.
Agamidae are a scaled reptile family.
Kanjani Eight  is a Japanese music group.
13 Egeria is a big Main belt asteroid.
is a Japanese rock band.
EXILE  is a 7-member Japanese pop music band.The perfoemers of this group are Hiro, Makidai, Matsu, Usa and Akira.
A sling is a type of weapon which involves swinging a rock round to gain speed before throwing it.
An Cafe  is a Japanese pop/rock band formed in 2003 and signed to the independent label Loop Ash.
Arashi  is a five-member Japanese boy band.
Kobukuro is a Japanese male pop band.
Home Made Kazoku is a Japanese hip-hop band, formed in 1996.
"Kiroro" is a Japanese music group.
Ai Kawashima  is a Japan singer-songwriter.
Greeeen or The Green is a japanese J-pop group.
 is a female Japanese popular music artist.
Cocco  is a Japanese singer.
V6 is a six people band from Japan.
Metis  is a Japanese reggae singer.
is a Japanese rock band and part of the country's visual kei movement.
Bonnie Pink  is a Japanese singer.
Aya Matsuura  is a female Japanese singer, idol, actress, TV performer.
RADWIMPS  is a rock music group, that started in 2001.
Aqua Timez is a Japanese Pop band signed to Sony Music of Japan.
is a Japanese Pop duo.
14 Irene is a very big Main belt asteroid.
Stephen Valentine Patrick William Allen , best known as Steve Allen, was an American comedian, musician, and talk show host.
Lollipops are available in a variety of flavours, particularly fruit flavours.
The 2007 Formula One season was the 58th edition of the championship.
The 2006 Formula One season was the 57th edition of the championship.
The 2005 Formula One season was the 56th edition of the championship.
The 2004 Formula One season was the 55th edition of the championship.
The 2003 Formula One season was the 54th edition of the championship.
The 2002 Formula One season was the 53rd edition of the championship.
The 2001 Formula One season was the 52th edition of the championship.
The 2000 Formula One season was the 51th edition of the championship.
The 1999 Formula One season was the 50th edition of the championship.
The 1998 Formula One season was the 47th edition of the championship.
The 1997 Formula One season was the 48th edition of the championship.
The 1996 Formula One season was the 47th edition of the championship.
The 1995 Formula One season was the 46th edition of the championship.
The 1994 Formula One season was the 45th edition of the championship.
The 1993 Formula One season was the 44th edition of the championship.
The 1992 Formula One season was the 43th edition of the championship.
The 1991 Formula One season was the 42th edition of the championship.
The 1990 Formula One season was the 41st edition of the championship.
The 1950 Formula One season was the first edition of the championship.
The 1951 Formula One season was the second edition of the championship.
The 1952 Formula One season was the third of the championship.
The 1953 Formula One season was the 4th of the championship.
The 1954 Formula One season was the 5th edition of the championship.
The 1955 Formula One season was the 6th of the championship.
The 1956 Formula One season was the 7th of the championship.
The 1957 Formula One season was the 8th of the championship.
The 1958 Formula One season was the 9th of the championship.
The 1959 Formula One season was the 9th of the championship.
The 1960 Formula One season was the 10th of the championship.
The 1961 Formula One season saw Phil Hill crowned as champion.
The 1962 Formula One season saw Graham Hill crowned as champion.
The 1963 Formula One season crowned as champion Jim Clark.
The 1964 Formula One season crowned as champion John Surtees.
The 1965 Formula One season crowned as champion Jim Clark.
The 1966 Formula One season crowned as champion Jack Brabham.
The 1967 Formula One season crowned as champion Denny Hulme.
The 1968 Formula One season crowned as champion Graham Hill.
The 1969 Formula One season crowned as champion Jackie Stewart.
The 1970 Formula One season crowned as champion Jochen Rindt.
The 1971 Formula One season crowned as champion Jackie Stewart.
The 1972 Formula One season crowned as champion Emerson Fittipaldi.
The 1973 Formula One season crowned as champion Jackie Stewart.
The 1974 Formula One season crowned as champion Emerson Fittipaldi.
The 1975 Formula One season saw Niki Lauda crowned as champion.
The 1976 Formula One season crowned as champion as James Hunt.
The 1977 Formula One season crowned as champion Niki Lauda.
The 1978 Formula One season crowned as champion Mario Andretti.
The 1979 Formula One season crowned as champion Jody Scheckter.
The 1980 Formula One season was the 31th of the championship.
The 1981 Formula One season was the 32th of the championship.
The 1982 Formula One season was 33th championship.
The 1983 Formula One season was the 34th of the championship.
The 1984 Formula One season was the 35th of the championship.
The 1985 Formula One season was the 36th of the championship.
The 1986 Formula One season was the 37th of the championship.
The 1987 Formula One season was the 38th of the championship.
The 1988 Formula One season was the 39th of the championship.
The 1989 Formula One season was the 40th of the championship.
Lamar is a small community in Aransas County, Texas, ten miles north of Rockport and forty miles north of Corpus Christi.
is a J-pop duo.
Qi Yuwu  is a television and movie actor.
Nigel Barker  is a fashion photographer most popular for appearing on America's Next Top Model since Cycle 2.
A simpleton is a person who is stupid and understands only very simple things.
Comedy-drama, also called dramedy, is a style of television and movies when there are equal amounts of both humor and seriousness.
The Petronas Twin Towers are two very tall skyscrapers in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
The Contrabass Trombone is the lowest sounding trombone used in music today.
The Bass Trombone is the second lowest sounding trombone used in music today.
Ponce is the second largest city in Puerto Rico outside of the San Juan metropolitan area.
Global Positioning System, also known as GPS, is a system of satellites in space which are circling the Earth.
Transmitter is a electronic device or tool which sends or receives a signal through electromagnetic radiation.
Layla is a song by Derek and the Dominos.
An audit is an evaluation or examination of something by a person or group of people.
In business, a financial statement is an organized document that includes financial information, like income and transactions, of a person, company, government, or organization.
Benson and Hedges were a cigarette manufacturer.
Royal Warrants of Appointment are given by members of the British Royal Family to companies and other people who supply them with goods.
Antonio de Cabezón  was a Spanish composer and organist of the Renaissance.
Glosa is a term that was often used by Spanish musicians in the 16th century to mean: a piece of music which was similar to a set of variations.
Real property is a type of property that includes land and buildings and infrastructure in land.
15 Eunomia is a very big asteroid in the closer part of the main asteroid belt.
16 Psyche is a very big Main belt asteroid, well over 200 kilometers in diameter, and likely the biggest of the metallic M-type asteroids.
Cancún  is a coastal city in Mexico's easternmost state, Quintana Roo, on the Yucatán Peninsula.
Norman, Oklahoma, is the county seat and largest city in Cleveland County in the U.S.
The Mid-Atlantic States  form one of the nine geographic divisions within the United States that are officially recognized by the United States Census Bureau.
Landfall is when a tropical cyclone or waterspout moves over land after being over water.
Freeport is a city in Brazoria County, Texas within the Houston – Sugar Land – Baytown Metropolitan Area and is situated in Southeast Texas.
San Luis Pass is a strait of water at the south-western end of Galveston Island off the shores of the U.S.
17 Thetis is a big Main belt asteroid.
18 Melpomene is a big, bright Main belt asteroid.
19 Fortuna is one of the biggest main belt asteroids.
20 Massalia is a big and fairly bright Main belt asteroid.
21 Lutetia is a big Main belt asteroid of the M spectral type, about 100 kilometers in diameter.
22 Kalliope is a big main belt asteroid of the M-type, found by J.
The iPod touch  is a media player that was created and sold by Apple Inc.
The Tenor Trombone is the most popular trombone type in use today.
Safari is an internet web-browser that was created by Apple Inc.
Contact means to touch physically or to communicate with.
Mac OS X version 10.4 “Tiger” is the fifth major release of Apple's Mac OS X.
Notre Dame is a very old cathedral in Paris, France.
"Stand Up For Love" was the first single from Destiny's Child's greatest hits album, "1's".
"Survivor," Destiny's Child's signature song, is an R&B song written by American singer-songwriter Beyoncé Knowles, Anthony Dent, and Mathew Knowles for Destiny's Child's third studio album "Survivor" .
23 Thalia is a big main belt asteroid.
24 Themis is one of the biggest Main belt asteroids.
Erich Honecker  was an East German Communist politician who led the German Democratic Republic from 1971 until 1989.
25 Phocaea is a Main belt asteroid.
This page lists the national rulers in the world, i.e.
26 Proserpina is a Main belt asteroid.
Notre Dame in French is the name give to a number of religious buildings, consecrated to the virgin Mary.
A contact lens is a type of soft lens that you put directly into your eye in order to help you see better.
Chara  is a Japanese singer, songwriter, musician and actress.
Notre Dame de Reims is a cathedral.
Bayeux Cathedral is a cathedral.
Coelurosauria is defined as the clade containing group all theropod dinosaurs more closely related to birds than to carnosaurs.
Maniraptora  is a clade of coelurosaurian dinosaurs that many paleontologists believe birds were derived from some 150 or so million years ago, in the Jurassic period.
IEEE 802.1X is an IEEE standard for port-based Network Access Control; it is part of the IEEE 802  group of protocols.
A software development kit  is usually a set of development tools that allows a software engineer to create applications for a certain software package, software framework, hardware platform, computer system, video game console, operating system, or similar platform.
Tagged Image File Format  is a container format for storing images, including photographs and line art.
The ounce  is a unit of mass in a number of different systems, including various systems of mass that form part of the imperial and United States customary systems.
Camino is a free, open source web browser, that was designed for the Mac OS X operating system.
Pixels per inch  or pixel density is a measurement of the resolution of a computer display, related to the size of the display in inches and the total number of pixels in the horizontal and vertical directions.
An arm is an upper limb of the body.
Safari is a web browser developed by Apple Inc.
Netscape Navigator , is a closed source web browser.
This is a list of "Treehouse of Horror" episodes created by the animated television series "The Simpsons".
The term English literature means literature written in the English language, that is also literature in English by writers that did not come from England.
Georges Auguste Escoffier  was a French chef, restaurateur and writer who updated traditional French cooking methods and made them more popular.
27 Euterpe is a big Main belt asteroid.
28 Bellona is a big main belt asteroid.
29 Amphitrite is one of the biggest S-type asteroids, probably third in diameter after Eunomia and Juno, although Iris and Herculina are similar in size.
30 Urania is a big Main belt asteroid.
31 Euphrosyne is one of the biggest main belt asteroids, found by James Ferguson on September 1, 1854.
32 Pomona is a main belt asteroid.
Chemistry is a Japanese band.
33 Polyhymnia is a main belt asteroid.
MISIA  is a Japanese singer who is most popular in Japan.
Pikaia gracilens is regarded as the earliest known primitive chordate from the Middle Cambrian fossil found near Mount Pika in the Burgess Shale of British Columbia.
"Opabinia" is a fossil animal found in Cambrian fossil deposits.
34 Circe is a big, very dark main belt asteroid.
"Wiwaxia corrugata" is an extinct species of animal known only from fossils found in Canada's Burgess Shale deposits.
35 Leukothea is a big, dark main belt asteroid.
36 Atalante is a big, dark main belt asteroid.
37 Fides is a big main belt asteroid.
The Cambrian epoch was the first eon of Earth’s history, from the first coalesence of the planet, about 4500 Million years ago, to about 542 Mya, is referred to as the Precambrian.
A conjecture is an idea in mathematics that appears "likely" to be true but that has not been "proven" to be true.
The Boeing 787  is an aircraft made by Boeing.
Buddha Akshobhya is one of the five Dhyani buddhas.
Jambhala is the wealth-giving form of Avalokiteśvara or Chenrezig, the bodhisattva of compassion.
Bodhi  or Enlightenment refers to full awakening where all limitations have been removed from the mind.
38 Leda is a big, dark main belt asteroid.
39 Laetitia is a big, bright main belt asteroid.
40 Harmonia is a big main belt asteroid.
41 Daphne is a big Main belt asteroid.
The objects to be arranged or selected from can be uniform, or different.
Enrique Granados  was a Spanish composer and pianist.
Manuel de Falla (born Cádiz, Spain, 23 November 1876; died Alta Gracia, Argentina, 14 November 1946 was a Spanish composer.
Joaquín Turina  was a Spanish composer.
Edouard Lalo  was a French composer.
The Oakland Raiders are a professional American football team in the National Football League.
Wagenhausen is a municipality of the district of Steckborn in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Wäldi is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Wängi is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Warth-Weiningen is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Wigoltingen is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Wilen is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Wuppenau is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Zihlschlacht-Sitterdorf is a municipality of the district of Bischofszell in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Auenstein is a municipality of the district Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Auw is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Daniel D.
Overijssel  is a province of the Netherlands.
Walker, Texas Ranger was a television show that ran originally from 1993 to 2001.
The "facts" usually say that Chuck Norris is a very angry, all-powerful, superbeing.
Magglio Jose "Maggs" Ordóñez (b.
Johan Santana  is a Venezuelan Major League Baseball player.
The Minnesota Twins are a Major League Baseball team in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
42 Isis is a big main belt asteroid.
Hard-Fi are a popular indie rock band from Staines an area of London, England.
A chamber is a space inside a structure; for example, a room inside a building or the hollow inside a shell.
A self is an individual person, from his or her own point of view.
Origins.
A compass  is a drawing tool that can be used for making circles or arcs.
43 Ariadne is a fairly big and bright main belt asteroid.
44 Nysa is a quite big and very bright main belt asteroid.
45 Eugenia is a big Main belt asteroid.
MOOMIN (b.
Shri Gurudev Mahendranath  was a British mystic, writer, poet, and guru of tantra who started the spiritual organization known as the "International Nath Order".
This is a list of divinities native to Japanese beliefs and religious traditions.
46 Hestia is a big, dark Main belt asteroid.
47 Aglaja is a big, dark main belt asteroid.
Lantana camara shrub verbena or Spanish flag is hairy shrub native from tropical America.
His Holiness Tenzin Gyatso is the fourteenth Dalai Lama.
48 Doris is one of the biggest main belt asteroids.
In the Tibetan language, lama means teacher.
49 Pales is a big, dark Main belt asteroid.
Rinpoche is a title in Tibetan Buddhism which may be given to a religious teacher known as a lama.
Padmasambhava is the person who brought Buddhism to Tibet in the 8th century.
(is the Japanese word for fox.
Phonetics  is the science of the sounds of human speech.
"Laws of Form" is a book by George Spencer-Brown published in 1969.
The Marx Brothers were a popular team of sibling comedians who appeared in vaudeville, stage plays, movie, and television.
Maurits Cornelis Escher , usually referred to as M.
An adit is a type of entrance to a mine which is horizontal or nearly horizontal.
The A5M Claude was a Japanese fighter aircraft made by Mitsubishi.
Birmingham is a city in the American state of Alabama.
"Independent Women " is an R&B song written by American singer-songwriter Beyoncé Knowles, Sam Barnes, Jen-Claude Olivier, and Cory Rooney for Destiny's Child's third studio album, "Survivor" , only considered as a bonus track.
Huntsville is a city in the American State of Alabama.
Burlington is a city in the American state of Vermont.
Loretta Spencer is the current mayor of the city of Huntsville, Alabama.
Tuscaloosa is a city and county seat of Tuscaloosa County, Alabama.
Hoover is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama.
Dothan is a city and county seat of Houston County.
, born on August 5, 1981 in Toshima, Tokyo, is a Japanese singer and actress.
Decatur is a city and county seat of Morgan County, Alabama.
Auburn is a city in Lee County, Alabama.
Casper is an American city in the state of Wyoming.
Wilmington is the largest city in the state Delaware, United States, and the county seat of New Castle County.
The Niña was one of the ships Christopher Columbus sailed to the new world.
The "Pinta" is one of the ships Christopher Columbus sailed to the new world.
The "Santa Maria" is one of the ships Christopher Columbus sailed to the new world.
50 Virginia is a big, very dark Main belt asteroid.
51 Nemausa is a big Main belt asteroid made up with similar stuff as 1 Ceres.
52 Europa is an asteroid.
The Three Jewels, also called the Three Treasures, the Three Refuges, or the Triple Gem, are the three things that Buddhists give themselves to, and in return look toward for guidance, in the process known as "taking refuge".
Dharma in Buddhism means the teachings of the Buddha which lead to enlightenment.
The Helvetic Republic was a state lasting for five years, from 1798 to 1803.
The Helvetii were a Celtic tribe and the main dwellers of the Swiss plateau in the 1st century BC.
Saas-Fee is the main village in the Saastal or the Saas Valley and is a municipality of the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Evolène is a municipality of the district of Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Baden is a municipality of the district Swiss canton of Aargau.
Baldingen is a municipality of the district Zurzach in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Beinwil  is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Ratification is the confirmation of a treaty.
Beinwil am See is a municipality of the district Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
New Orleans Hornets are a American professional basketball team.
This is a list of people employed by and/or contracted to World Wrestling Entertainment , including its developmental territory Florida Championship Wrestling .
The Queen Vic  is a fictional pub in the British television show EastEnders.
Ian Beale is a fictional character in "EastEnders".
"Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs" is a 1970 album by Derek and the Dominos.
The National Rugby League  is a professional sports league in Australia.
Alison Krauss  is an American bluegrass-country singer and fiddle player.
Lyle Pearce Lovett  is an American singer-songwriter and actor.
Dolly Rebecca Parton  is an American, Grammy Award-winning country music singer/songwriter, composer, author, and actress.
Vincent Grant "Vince" Gill  is an American country music singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist.
Europe.
Glen Phillips  is an American songwriter, singer and guitarist.
Jon Brion  is an American rock and pop multi-instrumentalist, singer, songwriter, composer and record producer.
Bruce Molsky (b.
Béla Fleck  is an American banjo player.
Tift Merritt  is an American singer and songwriter.
Steven Paul "Elliott" Smith  was an American singer-songwriter and musician.
Sugar Hill Records is a folk music record label.
A Toad is a type of amphibian.
53 Kalypso is a big and very dark main belt asteroid.
54 Alexandra is a very big and dark main belt asteroid.
This is a list of characters currently in the popular BBC soap opera "EastEnders", listed in order of first appearance.
Dot Branning  is a fictional character in EastEnders.
Pat Evans is a fictional character in EastEnders.
The Middle Way or Middle Path is a teaching about a way of looking at things in Buddhism.
Steven Beale is a fictional character in EastEnders.
"The Three Bears" or "Goldilocks and the Three Bears" is a children's story.
The Bundesgerichtshof   is the highest German court for civil and criminal law.
A category is a group of people or things that are the same in some way.
55 Pandora is a quite big and very bright Main belt asteroid.
56 Melete is a big and dark main belt asteroid.
57 Mnemosyne is a big Main belt asteroid.
58 Concordia is a quite big Main belt asteroid.
59 Elpis is a very big main belt asteroid.
60 Echo is a quite big Main belt asteroid.
A Soundtrack is a lot of different music which is generally used in a movie or media presentation.
An Entertainer is a person or people who are employed to bring joy, relaxation or happiness.
Benetice is a small village near the town Světlá nad Sázavou .
61 Danaë is a quite big, rocky Main belt asteroid.
Gustavo Adolfo Domínguez Bastida, better known as Bécquer,  was a Spanish post-romanticist writer of poetry and short stories.
Tirso de Molina  was a Spanish Baroque dramatist and poet.
62 Erato is a big and dark, probably carbonaceous main belt asteroid.
HotJava is a web browser from Sun Microsystems that can execute Java applets.
A mobile browser  is a web browser made for use on a mobile device like a mobile phone or PDA.
WebCopier is an offline Web browser.
ABrowse is a free web browser for the Syllable operating system.
63 Ausonia is a big main belt asteroid.
Shiira  is a free web browser based on Safari for the Mac OS X operating system.
Ghostzilla is a web browser for Microsoft Windows based on Mozilla.
Swiftweasel is a free and fully open source build of Mozilla Firefox.
Charon is a web browser for the Inferno operating system.
64 Angelina is a medium-sized Main belt asteroid and is an uncommon E-type asteroid.
The District of Bern is a district of the canton of Bern, Switzerland.
65 Cybele is one of the biggest asteroids in the main belt.
Rose Judith Esther Byrne (b.
66 Maja is a dark, quite big main belt asteroid.
Bellikon is a municipality of the district Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
67 Asia is a bright main belt asteroid.
Benzenschwil is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Bergdietikon is a municipality of the district Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
68 Leto is a big main belt asteroid.
Egelsee is a lake at Bergdietikon, Aargau, Switzerland.
Berikon is a municipality of the district Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
69 Hesperia is a big, M-type main belt asteroid.
70 Panopaea is a big main belt asteroid.
71 Niobe is a quite big main belt asteroid.
72 Feronia is a quite big and dark main belt asteroid.
__NOTOC__ .
__NOTOC__ .
73 Klytia is a main belt asteroid.
Comet West was a spectacular comet, also considered to qualify for "great comet" status.
75 Eurydike is a main belt asteroid.
__NOTOC__ .
__NOTOC__ .
__NOTOC__ .
Shri Neem Karoli Baba or Shri Neeb Karori Baba  , also known to followers as Maharaj-ji, was a Hindu guru and who loved the Hindu deity Hanuman.
"Be Here Now" is the title of a 1971 book on spirituality by Ram Dass.
A yogi  is a term for a male who practices various forms of the path of Yoga, maintaining a steadfast mind, the process of transcending the lower self.
76 Freia is a very big main belt asteroid.
77 Frigga is a big, M-type, possibly metallic main belt asteroid.
78 Diana is a big and dark main belt asteroid.
79 Eurynome is a quite big and bright main belt asteroid made of silicate rock.
80 Sappho is a quite big main belt asteroid.
81 Terpsichore is a big and very dark main belt asteroid.
82 Alkmene is a Main belt asteroid.
83 Beatrix is a quite big asteroid orbiting in the closer part of the main asteroid belt.
84 Klio is a quite big and very dark Main belt asteroid.
85 Io is a big, dark Main belt asteroid of the C spectral class.
The coat of arms of Iraqi Kurdistan is an eagle holding a sun on its wings.
86 Semele is a big and very dark main belt asteroid.
87 Sylvia is one of the biggest main-belt asteroids.
The Government of Germany has three parts.
Java Embedding Plugin  allows Java on Mac OS X with browsers that are not Safari.
Arena is a web browser made by the W3C for testing support for HTML 3 and Cascading Style Sheets.
Flock is a web browser based on Mozilla Firefox.
HTTrack is a free and open source website copier and offline browser by Xavier Roche, licensed under the GNU General Public License.
88 Thisbe is one of the biggest main belt asteroids.
K-Meleon is a web browser for Microsoft Windows.
Gentoo Linux is a version of the Linux operating system.
Federico Fellini  was a famous Italian movie-maker and director.
John Milton  was an English poet, prose polemicist, and civil servant for the English Commonwealth.
A wedge is a portable inclined plane, used either to separate two objects, or portions of objects, lift an object, or hold an object in place, by the application of force to the wide end, which the wedge converts to force perpendicular to the inclined surfaces.
The Bundesregierung is sometimes called the Bundeskabinett or Federal Cabinet is the government of the Federal Republic of Germany it and consists of the Chancellor and the Federal Ministers.
"Brave New World" is a novel by Aldous Huxley.
Manuel José Quintana y Lorenzo , poet, was born at Madrid, Spain.
Fortran is a programming language first created in the 1950s.
William Butler Yeats  was an Irish poet, dramatist and mystic.
89 Julia is a big main belt asteroid.
90 Antiope is an asteroid found on October 1, 1866 by Robert Luther.
The Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn  was a magical order founded in London in 1888 by Dr.
Sweet William an Eurasian pink widely grown for its clusters of small bright-coloured flowers.
91 Aegina is a big main belt asteroid.
Cheaha Mountain, often called Mount Cheaha, is the tallest point in the State of Alabama.
Pago Pago is a village in American Samoa.
92 Undina is a big main belt asteroid.
Fagatogo is the seat of government in American Samoa, but not its capital city, which is Pago Pago.
93 Minerva is a big main belt asteroid.
In design planform or plan view is a vertical orthographic projection of an object on a horizontal plane, like a map.
Charlotte Amalie is the capital of the United States Virgin Islands.
Olinda Borggren is a Swedish TV personality who was a contestant on the American reality show Joe Millionaire and the first season of the Swedish version of Paradise Hotel.
A plan is an orthographic projection of a 3-dimensional object from the position of a horizontal plane through the object.
A floor plan  in architecture and building engineering is a diagram, usually to scale, of the relationships between rooms, spaces and other physical features at one level of a structure.
Hagåtña is the capital city of Guam.
Plans are a set of two-dimensional diagrams or drawings used to describe a place or object, or to communicate building or fabrication instructions.
Dededo is the largest city in Guam.
94 Aurora is one of the biggest main belt asteroids.
95 Arethusa is a big main belt asteroid.
Pg.lost is a band from the late 2000's.
Albertville is the largest city in Marshall County, Alabama.
96 Aegle is a very big main belt asteroid.
Besenbüren is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Bettwil is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
97 Klotho is a fairly big main belt asteroid.
Biberstein is a municipality of the district Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
98 Ianthe is a big main belt asteroid.
Arab is a city in Marshall County, Alabama.
99 Dike is a very large and dark Main belt asteroid.
100 Hekate is a big Main belt asteroid.
Abbeville is a city and county seat of Henry County, Alabama.
101 Helena is a fairly big, rocky Main belt asteroid.
Birmenstorf is a municipality of the district Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Birr is a municipality of the Swiss canton of Aargau.
Birmensdorf is a municipality of the district of Dietikon in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.
Lake Zürich is a lake in Switzerland, that goes southeast of the town Zürich.
Birrhard is a municipality of the district Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Birrwil is a municipality of the district Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Lake Hallwil  is a lake in the Canton of Aargau, Switzerland.
Unterendingen is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Böbikon is a municipality of the district Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Boniswil is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Boswil is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Zuzgen is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Bottenwil is a municipality of the district Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Böttstein is a municipality of the district Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Bad Zurzach is a municipality in the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
102 Miriam is a quite big, very dark main belt asteroid.
Bözen is a municipality of the district Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Zufikon is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
The Dominican Republic  is a country in the Caribbean.
Arbedo-Castione is a municipality of the district of Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Zofingen is a city in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Arogno is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino.
Aarwangen is a municipality of the district of Aarwangen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
Adelboden is a municipality of the district of Frutigen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
Adelboden is a municipality in the Bernese Oberland in Switzerland.
Aefligen is a municipality of the district of Burgdorf in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
Aegerten is a municipality of the district of Nidau of the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
Aeschi bei Spiez is a municipality of the district of Frutigen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
103 Hera is a big main belt asteroid.
104 Klymene is a big, dark main belt asteroid.
105 Artemis is a big main belt asteroid.
106 Dione is a big main belt asteroid.
107 Camilla is one of the biggest main belt asteroids.
 is a Japanese actress, idol and singer.
108 Hecuba is a fairly big and bright main belt asteroid.
Chitose Hajime  is a singer from Japan.
109 Felicitas is a dark and fairly big main belt asteroid.
110 Lydia is a big Main belt asteroid with an M-type spectrum, which may have nickel-iron.
111 Ate is a big, dark asteroid made up of carbonate.
Scrabble is a game that is played by 2, 3 or 4 people.
FLOW is a Japanese music band.
There were two sets of Nuremberg Trials.
Orthographic projection is a means of representing a three-dimensional  object in two dimensions .
In linear algebra and functional analysis, a projection is a linear transformation "P" from a vector space to itself such that "P"2 = "P".
A Non-profit organization  is an organization that is not allowed to distribute any money that it makes to its owners as profit.
An expense, also sometimes called an expenditure, is when money is given in exchange for a good or service.
A Deposit Account is an account at a bank where money can be put in or taken out by whoever owns the account.
Filippo Brunelleschi  was one of the most important architects of the Italian Renaissance.
The Arno is a river in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Lake Como ,is a lake of glacial origin in Lombardy, Italy.
Lake Maggiore  is the most westerly of the three large prealpine lakes of Italy and the second largest after Lake Garda.
112 Iphigenia is a fairly big and very dark Main belt asteroid.
The GNU Image Manipulation Program, or GIMP or "The GIMP", is a free software picture maker.
113 Amalthea is a fairly common rocky Main belt asteroid orbiting in the closer areas of the belt.
David Ben-Gurion, born David Grün on 16 October 1886, died 1 December 1973) was the first Prime Minister of Israel.
KOTOKO is a Japanese musician.
Mariano José de Larra  was a Spanish romanticist writer noted for satire and perhaps the best prose writer of 19th-century Spain.
Luis de Molina  was a Spanish Jesuit and writer.
Henrik Johan Ibsen  was a major Norwegian playwright.
A bead is a small item with a hole in it for stringing.
He published "Der Stürmer" newspaper, became a part of the Nazi propaganda machine.
114 Kassandra is a big and dark Main belt asteroid.
Bremgarten is a municipality of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Zetzwil is a municipality of the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Zeiningen is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Zeihen is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Mihimaru GT is a J-pop band started by Hiroko Akutsu and Mitsuyuki Miyake.
115 Thyra is a fairly big and bright closer Main belt asteroid.
116 Sirona is a somewhat big and bright-colored main belt asteroid.
Brittnau is a municipality of the district Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Brugg is a municipality of the Swiss canton of Aargau.
Brunegg is a municipality of the district Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Buchs is a municipality of the district Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Bünzen is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Burg is a municipality of the district Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Büttikon is a municipality of the district Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Buttwil is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Densbüren is a municipality of the district Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Dietwil is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
117 Lomia is a rather big Main belt asteroid.
Dintikon is a municipality of the district Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
San Ignacio de Sabaneta is a city and municipality in northwestern Dominican Republic.
Dottikon is a municipality of the district Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Döttingen is a municipality of the district Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Dürrenäsch is a municipality of the district Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Effingen is a municipality of the district Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Eggenwil is a municipality of the district Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Egliswil is a municipality of the district Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Eiken is a municipality of the district Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Elfingen is a municipality of the district Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Sarnen is the capital of the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland.
Kerns is a municipality of the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland.
Sachseln is a municipality of the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland.
Alpnach is a municipality of the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland.
Giswil is a municipality of the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland.
Lungern is a municipality of the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland.
Engelberg is a municipality of the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland.
118 Peitho is a main belt asteroid.
119 Althaea is a big main belt asteroid.
120 Lachesis is a very big and very dark main belt asteroid.
121 Hermione is a very big asteroid of the dark C spectral type, orbiting in the Cybele group in the farther part of the main belt.
122 Gerda is a fairly big farther main belt asteroid.
123 Brunhild is a fairly common stony S-type main belt asteroid.
124 Alkeste is a big Main belt asteroid.
125 Liberatrix is a Main belt asteroid.
126 Velleda is a Main belt asteroid.
Endingen is a municipality of the district Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Ennetbaden is a municipality of the district Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Raymond Manuel Toro-Ortiz, born on July 15, 1977 in Kearny, New Jersey, is the lead guitarist and one of two backup vocalists for My Chemical Romance.
Belleville is a Township in Essex County, New Jersey, United States.
Kearny  is a town in Hudson County, New Jersey, United States.
Frank Anthony Iero  is the youngest member of the band My Chemical Romance.
Michael James Way  is the bass guitarist for the band My Chemical Romance and is the younger brother of frontman Gerard Way.
Robert Nathaniel Cory "Bob" Bryar  is the drummer for My Chemical Romance.
ENIAC  was a computer built in 1943.
The National Democratic Party  is a right wing political party in Germany.
127 Johanna is a big Main belt asteroid.
128 Nemesis is a very big and very dark main belt asteroid made of carbonate.
129 Antigone is a big main belt asteroid.
Austral thrush  is a common bird from Atacama to Tierra del Fuego.
130 Elektra is a very big farther main belt asteroid.
Absinthe, also known as absinth, absynthe, or absenta is a drink.
131 Vala is a closer Main belt asteroid.
132 Aethra is a M-type main belt asteroid.
Ernst Reuter was born on July 29 1889 in the small Prussian town of Apenrade .
Würenlos is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Würenlingen is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Wölflinswil is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Wohlenschwil is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Wohlen is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Wittnau is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Wislikofen is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Windisch is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Wiliberg is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Wettingen is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Wegenstetten is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Waltenschwil is a municipality of the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Wallbach is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Vordemwald is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Villnachern is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Villmergen is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Villigen is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Veltheim is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Untersiggenthal is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Unterlunkhofen is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Unterkulm is a municipality of the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Unterentfelden is a municipality of the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Unterbözberg is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Umiken is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Uezwil is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Uerkheim is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Ueken is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Turgi is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Thalheim is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Teufenthal is a municipality of the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Tegerfelden is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Tägerig is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Suhr is a municipality of the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Strengelbach is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Stilli is a former municipality of the canton of Aargau, Switzerland.
Stetten is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Stein is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Staufen is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in the country of Switzerland.
Staffelbach is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Sisseln is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Sins is a municipality of the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Wil is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Widen is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Sulz is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Spreitenbach is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
The Canton of Zug is one of the 26 cantons of Switzerland.
The Lake Zug  is one of the lesser known Swiss lakes, on the outskirts of the Alps and north of Lake Lucerne.
Ardon is a municipality of the district of Conthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Chamoson is a municipality of the district of Conthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Nendaz is a municipality of the district of Conthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Vétroz is a municipality of the district of Conthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Erlinsbach is a municipality of the district Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Etzgen is a municipality of the district Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Fahrwangen is a municipality of the district Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Fischbach-Göslikon is a municipality of the district Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Fisibach is a municipality of the district Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Fislisbach is a municipality of the district Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Freienwil is a municipality of the district Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Frick is a municipality of the district Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in the country of Switzerland.
Full-Reuenthal is a municipality of the district Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Gallenkirch is a municipality of the district Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Gansingen is a municipality of the district Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Gebenstorf is a municipality of the district Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Geltwil is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Gipf-Oberfrick is a municipality of the district Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Gontenschwil is a municipality of the district Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Gränichen is a municipality of the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Habsburg is a municipality of the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Hägglingen is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Hallwil is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Hausen bei Brugg is a municipality of the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Hellikon is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Hendschiken is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
The Chadian orphan children scandal is about the six French citizens from the aid group L'Arche de Zoe who on October 26 were about to fly 103 Sudanese children to France from Chad.
133 Cyrene is a fairly big and very bright main belt asteroid.
134 Sophrosyne is a big main belt asteroid.
135 Hertha is a big M-type main belt asteroid.
136 Austria is a Main belt asteroid.
137 Meliboea is a big and very dark main belt asteroid.
138 Tolosa is a brightly coloured, stony Main belt asteroid.
ALI PROJECT is a Japanese musical group.
Benny Goodman, born Benjamin David Goodman,  was an American jazz musician who played the clarinet.
Masahumi Akikawa is a Japanese tenor singer.
Artie Shaw  is considered to be one of the best jazz musicians of his time.
Edward R.
139 Juewa is a very big and dark Main belt asteroid.
"Good Night, and Good Luck." is an Academy Award-nominated 2005 movie directed by George Clooney.
140 Siwa is a big and dark main belt asteroid.
141 Lumen is a dark , big rocky asteroid 130 km in diameter orbiting in the Main belt near the Eunomia family of asteroids.
142 Polana is a very dark Main belt asteroid.
143 Adria is a fairly big main belt asteroid.
AnnaSophia Robb (b.
Joseph Conrad   was a Polish writer, regarded as one of the greatest English-language novelists.
Modernist literature is the literary form of Modernism and especially high modernism; it should not be confused with modern literature, which is the history of the modern novel and modern poetry as one.
144 Vibilia is a dark, big Main belt asteroid and probably primitive in composition .
Sir Vidiadhar Surajprasad Naipaul, KB, TC  is a British writer who was born in Trinidad and Tobago and lives in Wiltshire.
The Man Booker Prize for Fiction, also known in short as the Booker Prize, is a literary prize awarded each year for the best original full-length novel, written in the English language, by a citizen of either the Commonwealth of Nations or the Republic of Ireland.
"Dubliners" is a collection of 15 short stories by James Joyce, an Irish writer.
The Ministry of the Interior of Germany is a ministry of the federal government.It is based in a brand new building in the Moabit area of Berlin-Mitte.
145 Adeona is a rather big Main belt asteroid.
146 Lucina is a main belt asteroid.
Hurricane Helene was one of the strongest hurricanes of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season tied with Hurricane Gordon, and was the ninth tropical storm, fourth hurricane and second major hurricane of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season.
Alle is a municipality of the district Porrentruy of the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
147 Protogeneia is a big main belt asteroid.
An electronic component is a basic electronic element.
Asuel is a municipality of the district Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Beurnevésin is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Boncourt is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Bonfol is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Bressaucourt is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
South Uist  is an island of the Outer Hebrides in Scotland.
The Western Isles are sometimesw calles "Outer Hebrides",  comprise an island chain off the west coast of Scotland.
Space Shuttle Atlantis is a US space shuttle run by NASA.
Hurricane Gordon was a strong Category 3 hurricane that crossed the Azores as a Category 1 hurricane, making it the first hurricane to directly impact the Azores since 1991.
Tropical Storm Debby was the fifth tropical storm of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season.
148 Gallia is a big main belt asteroid.
Fogo  is a volcanic island in the Sotavento group of Cape Verde.
Hurricane Isaac was the final tropical cyclone of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season.
In fluid dynamics, the baroclinity  is a measure of the stratification in a fluid.
The traditional name of the ministry handling Germany's foreign affairs is the Foreign Office or AA .
149 Medusa is a bright-coloured, stony main belt asteroid.
The Burin Peninsula is a Canadian peninsula located on the south coast of the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
The Bonavista Peninsula is a large peninsula on the east coast of the island of Newfoundland in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
In Switzerland each Canton is free to decide its own internal organisation.
Cape Race is a point of land located at the southeastern tip of the Avalon Peninsula, on the island of Newfoundland, Canada.
Hurricane Florence was the first Atlantic hurricane to produce hurricane force winds on Bermuda since Hurricane Fabian hit the island in September 2003.
Travagliato is a city in north of Italy.
The 2006 unnamed tropical storm was a short-lived tropical cyclone that was first classified during post-season analysis.
Nantucket is an island 30 miles  south of Cape Cod, Massachusetts, in the United States.
Cape Hatteras is a cape on the coast of North Carolina.
Tropical Storm Alberto became a tropical storm further north than any other Atlantic tropical cyclone.
Tropical Storm Beryl was the third tropical storm of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season.
The 1991 Halloween Nor’easter, also known as the Perfect Storm, was an weird nor’easter which was extratropical, absorbed one hurricane, and ultimately evolved into a small hurricane late in its life cycle.
A nor'easter  is a macro-scale storm along the East Coast of the United States.
150 Nuwa is a big Main belt asteroid.
The East Coast of the United States, is a part of the United States.
Nags Head is a town in Dare County, North Carolina, United States.
151 Abundantia is a stony main belt asteroid.
Cape Lookout is southern point of the South Core Banks, one of the natural barrier islands on the Atlantic coast of North Carolina, USA.
New Haven is the second- or third-largest municipality in Connecticut, after Bridgeport and possibly Hartford, with a core population of about 124,000.
Martha's Vineyard  is an island off the southern coast of Cape Cod, both forming a part of the Outer Lands region.
Woods Hole is a census-designated place and village within the town of Falmouth in Barnstable County, Massachusetts, at the extreme southwest corner of Cape Cod, near Martha's Vineyard and the Elizabeth Islands.
Carcinogens are substances that cause cancer.
The Incorporated Village of Port Jefferson is located in the town of Brookhaven in Suffolk County, New York on the North Shore of Long Island.
The Currituck Beach Light is a lighthouse in Corolla, North Carolina, on the Outer Banks.
The A-10 Thunderbolt II  is an attack aircraft made by Fairchild Aircraft.
Fire Island is a barrier island, approximately 31 miles  long and varying between approximately 0.1 mile  to 0.5 mile  wide, in Suffolk County on the southern side of Long Island in the U.S.
152 Atala is a very big, dark main belt asteroid.
Plymouth  is a town in Plymouth County, Massachusetts, United States.
Buix is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Bure is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
153 Hilda is a very big asteroid in the farther Main belt.
Charmoille is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Chevenez is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Coeuve is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Cornol is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Courchavon is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Courgenay is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
"Xenogears" is a 1999 roleplaying video game created by Squaresoft.
"Metal Gear" is an action-adventure video game series made by Konami since 1987.
154 Bertha is a very dark and very big farther Main belt asteroid.
Deus Ex is a video game available on the personal computer.
Ulysses is a novel by James Joyce.
Gunpei Yokoi'", or  was a video game designer for Nintendo.
155 Scylla is a main belt asteroid.
156 Xanthippe is a big main belt asteroid.
157 Dejanira is a main belt asteroid.
158 Koronis  is a Main belt asteroid.
159 Aemilia is a big Main belt asteroid.
"A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man" is a novel written by the Irish writer James Joyce.
Finnegans Wake is the last book written by the Irish writer James Joyce.
Freerunning sleep can be sleep which is not adjusted, "entrained", to the 24-hour cycle in nature.
Federico  Mompou  was a Spanish  composer.
A right triangle, , has one angle that is 90 degrees.
This is a list of parties in the world that consider themselves to be upholding the principles and values of social democracy.
160 Una is a fairly big and dark, primitive Main belt asteroid.
VIS Interactive is a video game company by WB Interactive.
161 Athor is an M-type Main belt asteroid.
162 Laurentia is a big and dark Main belt asteroid.
Stream of consciousness is a term used in literary criticism for a literary technique that reports thought processes of a person.
Courtedoux is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy of the Canton of Jura, Switzerland.
Courtemaîche is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Damphreux is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Damvant is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Fahy is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Benazir Bhutto  was a Pakistani politician.
163 Erigone is a dark-coloured, fairly big Main belt asteroid.
The sitar  is a plucked string instrument.
The oud is a pear-shaped, stringed instrument.
164 Eva is a big and very dark Main belt asteroid.
A pickup is a device that captures mechanical vibrations  and converts them to an electrical signal which can be amplified and recorded.
Vihuela is a name given to two different guitar-like string instruments: one from 16th century Spain, usually with 12 paired strings, and the other, the Mexican vihuela, from 20th century Mexico with five strings and typically played in Mariachi bands.
Mischa Anne Marsden Barton  is an award-winning English-American actress best known for her role as Marissa Cooper in the American television series "The O.C.".
The range of a musical instrument is the distance from the lowest to the highest pitch it can play.
Antonio De Torres Jurado  was a Spanish guitarist and guitar maker.
George D.
Danelectro is a manufacturer of musical instruments and accessories, specializing in guitars, bass guitars, amplifiers and effects units.
The book of Numbers in the Bible is the fourth book in the Old Testament.
Allegra Versace  is the daughter of designer Donatella Versace and ex-male fashion model Paul Beck.
Rickenbacker International Corporation, also known as Rickenbacker ), is an American company that makes electric guitars.
Donatella Versace was born in 1955 and is a famous Italian designer and the current owner of the Versace fashion line, which she inherited from her brother Gianni Versace after he died.
The Federal Ministry of Justice is a ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany.
165 Loreley is a very big Main belt asteroid.
In professional education, learning by teaching means a method that trains pupils and students to prepare and to teach lessons, or parts of lessons.
166 Rhodope is a very dark main belt asteroid.
Jean-Pol Martin  is a professor for foreign language teaching in Germany.
In British, Australian, New Zealand, and some Canadian universities, a tutor is often but not always a postgraduate student or a lecturer who conducts a seminar for undergraduate students.
The Great Offices of State are the four most important cabinet jobs in the United Kingdom.
The Foreign Secretary is the Minister in charge of the United Kingdom's Foreign and Commonwealth Office.
Hermetschwil-Staffeln is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
167 Urda is a Main belt asteroid.
Herznach is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
168 Sibylla is a big Main belt asteroid.
Hilfikon is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Claudine Monteil (b.
169 Zelia is a bright, stony main belt asteroid.
Fontenais is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Fregiécourt is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Grandfontaine is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Hirschthal is a municipality of the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Mortification is a Christian extreme metal band from Australia.
170 Maria is a Main belt asteroid.
Lugnez is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Holderbank is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Miécourt is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Steve Rowe  is the founder of the Australian extreme metal band Mortification.
Montenol is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Holziken is a municipality of the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Montignez is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Hornussen is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Hottwil is a municipality of the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Montmelon is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Hunzenschwil is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Extreme metal is an umbrella term for a mixture of heavy metal music subgenres formed since the 1980s.
Islisberg is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Ocourt is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy of the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Ittenthal is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
171 Ophelia is a main belt asteroid.
Jonen is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Kaiseraugst is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Kaiserstuhl is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Kaisten is a municipality of the district Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Kallern is a municipality of the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Killwangen is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
The Limmat is a river in Switzerland that flows northwest until it joins into the river Aare north of the small town of Brügg.
Kirchleerau is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Klingnau is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Koblenz  is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
172 Baucis is a fairly big Main belt asteroid.
There have been many religious debates over "Harry Potter" because of the witchcraft in it.
173 Ino is a big main belt asteroid.
Dr Pepper is a soft drink  similar to Coca Cola.
Pleujouse is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Porrentruy  is a Swiss municipality and seat of the district of the same name found in the canton of Jura.
Réclère is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Roche-d'Or is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Rocourt is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Kölliken is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Künten is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Küttigen is a municipality of the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Saint Ursanne  is a city and a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura, Switzerland which has kept its medieval style.
Laufenburg is a municipality of the Swiss canton of Aargau.
174 Phaedra is a big, rocky main belt asteroid.
Leibstadt is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Leimbach is a municipality of the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Leuggern is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Leutwil is a municipality of the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Lengnau is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
175 Andromache is a big Main belt asteroid.
Linn is a municipality of the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Lupfig is a municipality of the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
176 Iduna is a big main belt asteroid.
__NOTOC__ .
177 Irma is a fairly big and dark Main belt asteroid.
178 Belisana is a rocky Main belt asteroid.
Magden is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Mägenwil is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Mandach is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Meisterschwanden is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Mellikon is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
"For the town in Thuringia, see Mellingen, Germany." Mellingen is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Altoids are a brand of breath mints and candies that have been sold since the 1800s.
179 Klytaemnestra is a fairly big Main belt asteroid.
Menziken is a municipality of the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Merenschwand is a municipality of the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus is a American band.
180 Garumna is a Main belt asteroid.
Monción is a city and municipality of the Santiago Rodríguez province, in northwestern Dominican Republic.
181 Eucharis is a big, slowly rotating Main belt asteroid.
182 Elsa is a Main belt asteroid.
183 Istria is a stony main belt asteroid.
184 Dejopeja is a big M-type Main belt asteroid.
185 Eunike is a dark and very big Main belt asteroid.
Guayacanes is a village in the province of Ciego de Ávila, Cuba.
The American Cooperative School of Tunis or ACST is a comprehensive non-profit private high school located in Tunis, Tunisia.
"Fucking Åmål" is a 1998 Swedish movie that was distributed in most English speaking countries as "Show Me Love".
Mateo Alemán y de Enero  was a Spanish writer.
Rebecka Månstråle Liljeberg  is a Swedish actress.
Alexandra Dahlström  is a Swedish actress.
186 Celuta is a fairly big Main belt asteroid.
Search engine optimisation is a set of techniques to make webpages appear in the search engines results pages  such as those given by google.
The Federal Ministry of Work and Social Affairs  is a ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany.
187 Lamberta is a big and very dark main belt asteroid.
188 Menippe is a main belt asteroid.
189 Phthia is a bright-coloured, rocky main belt asteroid.
190 Ismene is a very big main belt asteroid.
The Federal Ministry of Family, Senior Citizens, Women and Youth   is a ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany.
191 Kolga is a big and very dark Main belt asteroid.
The Ark of the Covenant  is described in the Bible as a holy container where the tablets of stone with the Ten Commandments and other holy Israelite pieces are contained.
Cubit is the name for any one of many units of measure used by various ancient peoples and is among the first recorded units of length.
The Federal Ministry of Economic Cooperation and Development  is a ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany.
192 Nausikaa is a big main belt asteroid.
Haskovo is a town in southeastern Bulgaria.
Athens is a city in and the county seat of Limestone County, Alabama.
Athens is the capital city of Greece.
Less Developed Countries or "LDC"s are those countries that are not as rich as the industrialised countries of western Europe and North America.
The English unit of length ell is usually 45 inches, that means 1.143 m  It came from the length of the arm from the shoulder  to the wrist, although the exact length was never defined in English law.
A unit of length is a way of measuring length or distance.
193 Ambrosia is a main belt asteroid.
Mettau is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Möhlin is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Mönthal is a municipality of the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Moosleerau is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Möriken-Wildegg is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Muhen is a municipality of the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Gorgona is an island in the Tuscan Archipelago, a group of islands off the west coast of Italy.
"For the town in Germany, see Mühlau, Germany." Mühlau is a municipality of the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Mülligen is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
The Tuscan Archipelago is a chain of islands between the Ligurian Sea and Tyrrhenian Sea, west of Tuscany, Italy.
Pianosa is a small  island in Italy's Tuscan Archipelago.
Capraia, is an island of Italy, part of the Tuscan Archipelago, off the northwest coast, belonging to the Province of Livorno.
Monte Cristo is a small Italian Island, approximately 4.3 kilometers across at its widest point, located about halfway between Corsica and mainland Italy; south of Elba and west of Giglio.It is part of the Tuscan Archipelago.
Giglio Island  is an island and Italian "commune" located in the Tyrrhenian Sea, off the coast of Tuscany, part of the Province of Grosseto,and part of Tuscan Archipelago Geography.
Giannutri is a small island in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Tuscany, Italy.
Orange is a village of Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States.
The AH-64 Apache is an attack helicopter that first flew in 1975 and has been produced since 1984.
Aberdeen is a village of Brown County, Ohio, United States, along the Ohio River.
194 Prokne is a very big and dark main belt asteroid.
Adamsville is a village of Muskingum County, Ohio, United States.
Adell is a village of Sheboygan County, Wisconsin, United States.
Albany is a village in Green County, Wisconsin, United States.
Allouez is a village of Brown County in the state of Wisconsin in the United States.
Arcade Fire is an indie rock band from Montreal, Canada.
195 Eurykleia is a fairly big Main belt asteroid.
Pavement is an indie rock band from California, United States.
Matador Records is an American indie record label with many bands like Modest Mouse, Pavement, and Guided by Voices.
Modest Mouse is a famous indie rock band from Issaquah, Washington.
196 Philomela is a big and bright main belt asteroid.
The island of Santa Maria  is an island located in the southeastern part of the Azores and is the southernmost island in the Azores Islands.
Harry James Potter is the main character and the main protagonist of J.
197 Arete is a Main belt asteroid.
Oregon-grape, "Berberis aquifolium" or Mahonia aquifolium is a shrub whose classification is in dispute, generally considered as Mahonia.
Alma Center is a village in Jackson County, Wisconsin, United States.
Almena is a village in Barron County in the U.S.
Almond is a village in Portage County, Wisconsin, United States.
Amherst is a village in Portage County, Wisconsin, United States.
Amherst Junction is a village in Portage County, Wisconsin, United States.
198 Ampella is a fairly big Main belt asteroid.
199 Byblis is a fairly big main belt asteroid.
Professor Alan Dix of Lancaster University is an author of text books.
Ching Yun University "CYU"（traditional Chinese:清雲科技大學；simplified Chinese:清云科技大学）is a university in Jhongli City, Taoyuan County, Taiwan.
Rosalía Castro de Murguía better known as Rosalía de Castro  was a Galician writer and poet.
The Federal Ministry of Health  is a Ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany.
200 Dynamene is a big and very dark Main belt asteroid.
201 Penelope is a big Main belt asteroid.
The Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation, and Nuclear Safety of Germany  is a ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany.
Villa Los Almácigos is a city and municipality of the Santiago Rodríguez province, in northwestern Dominican Republic.
Epic Records is an American record label with several sub-companies around the world.
202 Chryseïs is a big, lightly coloured Main belt asteroid.
Aniwa is a village in Shawano County, Wisconsin, United States.
Mumpf is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Murgenthal is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Limerick  is a city and the county seat of County Limerick in the province of Munster, in the midwest of the Republic of Ireland.
203 Pompeja is a quite big Main belt asteroid.
Wexford  is the county town of County Wexford in the Republic of Ireland.
Drogheda  or)  is an industrial and port town in County Louth on the east coast of Ireland, 56 km  north of Dublin.
Hallstadt is a town in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg.
Muri is a municipality of the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
204 Kallisto is a big main belt asteroid.
County Kildare  is an Irish county located to the southwest of Dublin in the province of Leinster.
Straffan  is a village in County Kildare, Ireland situated on the banks of the River Liffey, 25 km upstream of the Irish capital Dublin.
The 36th Ryder Cup Matches were held between September 22 and September 24, 2006 at The K Club, Straffan, Co.
Dawlish  is a town on the south coast of Devon, England, 12 miles from the County town of Exeter, with a population of around 13,000 people.
Newquay  is a town, civil parish, seaside resort and fishing port on the north Atlantic coast of Pydarshire, Cornwall, Great Britain.
Cairnryan is a small Scottish village overlooking Loch Ryan and is notable today for its large modern ferry port, operated by P&O, which links Scotland with Larne in Northern Ireland.
Stranraer  is a town in the south of Scotland in the west of the region of Dumfries and Galloway and in the county of Wigtownshire.
Coleraine  is a very large town in County Londonderry, Northern Ireland near to the mouth of the River Bann.
County Down'",  is one of the nine counties that form Ulster and one of six counties that form Northern Ireland.
Rostrevor  is a village in County Down, Northern Ireland.
205 Martha is a big Main belt asteroid.
Tropical Storm Chris was the fourth tropical storm of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season.
206 Hersilia is a fairly big Main belt asteroid.
Saint Thomas is an island in the Caribbean Sea, a county and constituent district of the United States Virgin Islands , an unincorporated territory of the United States.
207 Hedda is a big Main belt asteroid.
Saint John is an island in the Caribbean Sea and a constituent district of the United States Virgin Islands , an unincorporated territory of the United States.
Neuenhof is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Niederlenz is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Niederrohrdorf is a municipality in the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Niederwil is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Oberbözberg is a municipality of the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Oberentfelden is a municipality of the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Oberflachs is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Oberhof is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
The Federal Ministry of Finance   is a ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany.
Oberhofen is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Oberkulm is a municipality of the district of Kulm, in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Oberlunkhofen is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten, in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Obermumpf is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Oberrohrdorf is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
208 Lacrimosa is a Main belt asteroid.
209 Dido is a very big main-belt asteroid.
A heat wave is a long period of extremely hot weather, which may be followed by high humidity.
Clarence Ray Nagin, Jr.
The New York Mercantile Exchange  is the world's largest physical commodity futures exchange, located in New York City.
Saba  is the smallest island of the Netherlands Antilles, located at.
Sint Eustatius, also known as Statia, or Saint Eustace, is one of the islands which make up the Netherlands Antilles; it is in the northern, Leeward Islands portion of the West Indies, some distance southeast of the Virgin Islands.
Royal Caribbean International  is a Norwegian-American cruise ship company based in Miami, Florida.
Ragged Island is a small island  and district in the southern Bahamas.
Inagua is the southernmost district of the Bahamas comprising the islands of Great Inagua and Little Inagua.
Acklins and Crooked Islands was a district of the Bahamas until 1996, and as Acklins, Crooked Island and Long Cay until 1999.
Mayaguana is the most easterly island and district of the Bahamas.
210 Isabella is a big and dark Main belt asteroid.
211 Isolda is a very big, dark Main belt asteroid.
212 Medea is a very big Main belt asteroid.
213 Lilaea is a big Main belt asteroid.
214 Aschera is a Main belt asteroid.
215 Oenone is a common Main belt asteroid.
Catabolism is a kind of metabolism, and is a process in which molecules turn into smaller units and release energy.
Acetic acid or ethanoic acid  is a kind of carboxylic acid, which is often called vinegar.
Boris Franz Becker  is a former German tennis player.
The A-Level  is a General Certificate of Education set of exams taken in the United Kingdom.
The Chinese New Year (农历新年）is the most important holidays for ethnic Chinese people all around the world.
In music, a suite  is a collection of short musical pieces which can be played one after another.
The word Suite  comes from the (French word “suite” meaning “a sequence”, i.e.
A partner is someone with whom a person shares an activity, i.e.
Michael Te-Pei Chang  is an American former tennis player.
Catalão is a Brazilian city of the state of Goiás.
216 Kleopatra is a Main belt asteroid that was found by Johann Palisa on April 10, 1880 in Pola.
The Federal Ministry of Defence  is a Ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany.
An angstrom or ångström  is a non-SI unit of length that is internationally recognized.
217 Eudora is a big Main belt asteroid.
218 Bianca is a big Main belt asteroid.
Oberrüti is a municipality of the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Obersiggenthal is a municipality of the district of Baden, in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Oberwil-Lieli is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Oeschgen is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Oftringen is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
The Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica was a trilogy written by Isaac Newton and published on July 5, 1687.
Prato is a city in Tuscany, Italy.
Olsberg is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Livorno is a port city on the Tyrrhenian Sea on the western coast of Tuscany, Italy.
Arezzo is an old city in central Italy.
Police is a town in Poland.
Nowe Warpno is a town in Poland.
219 Thusnelda is a common Main belt asteroid.
Thomas de Maizière  is the Minister for Special Affairs in the German government.
The Lagoon of the Oder River is an inland water basin found in the southwestern part of the Baltic Sea.
Othmarsingen is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Reinach is a municipality of the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Reitnau is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
In volcanology, a lava dome or plug dome is a round-shaped mound in the crater of a volcano that is formed because of a future eruption.
Rekingen is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Remetschwil is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Remigen is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
The Gifford Pinchot National Forest is a United States National Forest located in Washington, USA.
Rietheim is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
The Cascade Range is a mountain range that spreads from Northern California, through Oregon and Washington, and ends in British Columbia, Canada.
Riniken is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
220 Stephania is a Main belt asteroid.
Rohr is a municipality of the district of Aarau in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Rothrist is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Rottenschwil is a municipality of the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Rudolfstetten-Friedlisberg is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Rüfenach is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival, best known as just Coachella, is an annual three-day music festival held in Indio, California.
Rümikon is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Welwel, is an oasis in Ethiopia, near Somalia.
Archers of Loaf was an indie rock band from Chapel Hill, North Carolina, United States.
The Arctic Cordillera is a mountain range running along the northeastern coast of North America from Ellesmere Island to the northernmost tip of Labrador.
Fort Banks , is an old World War II fort that was used to protect the entrance to Botany Bay.
221 Eos is a rather big main belt asteroid.
222 Lucia is a big Main belt asteroid.
223 Rosa is a big Main belt asteroid.
224 Oceana is a big Main belt asteroid.
Rupperswil is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Safenwil is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Sarmenstorf is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Schafisheim is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Scherz is a municipality of the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Schinznach-Bad is a municipality of the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Schinznach-Dorf is a municipality of the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Schlossrued is a municipality of the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Schmiedrued is a municipality of the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Schneisingen is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Schöftland is a municipality of the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Schupfart is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
"blackeyed Susan" "Rudbeckia" is one of at least four genera within the flowering plant family Asteraceae whose members are commonly known as coneflowers.
225 Henrietta is a very big farther Main belt asteroid.
226 Weringia is a common Main belt asteroid.
Schwaderloch is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Seengen is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Seon is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Siglistorf is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Lenzburg is a municipality in the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau, Switzerland.
The Aurora  is a possible surveillance aircraft.
The Oprah Winfrey Show is an American talk show which has Oprah Winfrey as the host.
Rheinfelden is a municipality of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, seat of the district of Rheinfelden.
227 Philosophia is a big Main belt asteroid.
228 Agathe is a small Main belt asteroid.
229 Adelinda is a big, dark farther Main belt asteroid.
230 Athamantis is a fairly big Main belt asteroid.
231 Vindobona is a big Main belt asteroid.
"This article is about the asteroid.
233 Asterope is a quite big Main belt asteroid.
234 Barbara is a common Main belt asteroid.
The Klickitat  are a Native American tribe of the Pacific Northwest.
Arzo is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Ascona is a municipality of the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Astano is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Lugano is a district of the canton of Ticino inSwitzerland.
Locarno is a district of the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Vallemaggia is a district of the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Bellinzona is a district of the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Riviera is a district of the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Blenio is a district of the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Leventina is a district of the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
In linguistics, the Sapir–Whorf hypothesis is the idea that the sort of language people speak changes the way they think and act.
A Icosahedron is a Platonic solid that is made of triangles and has twenty sides.
An octahedron is a polyhedron with eight sides and is made of eight equilateral triangles, four of which meet at each top.
Rounder Records is an American record label that formed in Cambridge, Massachusetts in 1970.
Columbia Records is an American record label that formed in 1888.
There are many theories on Origin of life because we can't define what life is still and because we haven't made any kind of life in laboratory.
Below is a timeline of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season, listing all the storm formations, strengthening, weakening, landfalls, extratropical transitions, as well as dissipation.
The Atlantic Standard Time Zone  is a geographic region that keeps time by subtracting four hours from Greenwich Mean Time , resulting in GMT-4 .
Figueirense Futebol Clube, also known as Figueirense, is a Brazilian football team in Florianópolis, Santa Catarina.
235 Carolina is a big Main belt asteroid.
C#  is a computer programming language made by Microsoft, more precisely by Anders Hejlsberg, the creator of Delphi.
236 Honoria is a big Main belt asteroid.
Wilmington is a city in New Hanover County, North Carolina, United States.
Plantation Key is an island in Monroe County, Florida, United States.
Oak Island, North Carolina is a town located mostly on Oak Island  in Brunswick County, North Carolina; a small part of the town extends onto the mainland north of the island's bridge.
237 Coelestina is a common Main belt asteroid.
Avegno is a municipality of the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
The Wakker Prize  is given every year by the Swiss Heritage Society to a municipality of Switzerland for the making and saving of its historical buildings.
Ehrendingen is a municipality of the district Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Barbengo is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Bedano is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Bedigliora is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Hurricane Fabian was a powerful Cape Verde-type hurricane that hit Bermuda in early September during the 2003 Atlantic hurricane season.
Bedretto is a municipality of the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
A high five is a gesture done with two people.
238 Hypatia is a very big Main belt asteroid.
"Revolver" is a 1966 album by British rock band The Beatles.
Besazio is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
A rip current is a strong surface flow of water returning seaward from near the shore .
Bidogno is a municipality of the district Lugano, in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Biasca is the capital of the district Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Bioggio is a municipality of the district of Lugano, in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
St.
239 Adrastea is a common main belt asteroid.
St.
Capitol Records is a record label based in Hollywood, California.
A recording studio is a place prepared for the recording of music, or other sound media.
Hamilton Parish  is one of the nine parishes of Bermuda.
The Causeway is a narrow strip of reclaimed land and bridges in the north of Bermuda linking Hamilton Parish on the mainland in the southwest and Bermuda International Airport on St.
Southampton Parish is one of the nine parishes of Bermuda.
Joaquín Rodrigo  was a Spanish composer of classical music and a virtuoso pianist.
St.
Cape Breton Island  is an island on the Atlantic coast of North America.
240 Vanadis is a fairly big Main belt asteroid.
The Fw 190 was a German fighter aircraft made by Focke-Wulf during World War II.
"Warriors" is a series of fiction books written by Kate Cary and Cherith Baldry, with their editor Victoria Holmes, under the pen name Erin Hunter.
241 Germania is a very big Main belt asteroid.
Tsar Bomba was the largest, most powerful nuclear weapon ever used.
242 Kriemhild is a common Main belt asteroid.
243 Ida is a Main belt asteroid with pictures taken by the "Galileo" spacecraft on August 28, 1993.
Bironico is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Bissone is a municipality of the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Bodio is a municipality of the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Bogno is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Borgnone is a municipality of the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
244 Sita is an asteroid which is part of the Flora family in the Main Belt.
245 Vera is a big Main belt asteroid.
The Principality of Khachen  was a medieval Armenian principality, in part of historical Artsakh .
246 Asporina is a big Main belt asteroid.
Therapy, in the medical field also called treatment, is what people do to try to solve or care for a health problem, physical or mental.
247 Eukrate is a rather big Main belt asteroid.
248 Lameia is a quite common Main belt asteroid.
249 Ilse is a Main belt asteroid.
250 Bettina is a big Main belt asteroid.
251 Sophia is a main belt asteroid.
252 Clementina is a main belt asteroid.
253 Mathilde is a main belt asteroid that was found by Johann Palisa in 1885.
254 Augusta is a common small Main belt asteroid.
Yōkai are a type of creatures appeared in Japanese old stories, such as oni , kappa, or tengu.
A stamp album is a book, often loose-leafed , in which a collection of postage stamps may be stored and displayed.
255 Oppavia is a big Main belt asteroid.
A stamp collector  collects postage stamps as a hobby.
Pansexual, also known as 'omnisexual' is a word that means any person who is sexually attracted to males, females, and people that are not male "or" female.
In medicine, an adverse effect is a harmful and undesired effect that results from a therapy like medication, chemotherapy, surgery or other intervention.
256 Walpurga is a big Main belt asteroid.
257 Silesia is a big Main belt asteroid.
258 Tyche is a fairly big Main belt asteroid.
259 Aletheia is a very big Main belt asteroid.
Sometimes Autosexuality means masturbation.
Sometimes "technosexual" is used as an insult, implying that someone would prefer a sex toy to an actual sexual partner.
Antisexuality is when a person thinks sex is always bad.
Nedward "Ned" Flanders is a character in the animated television series "The Simpsons".
260 Huberta is a big asteroid orbiting near the farther edge of the Main belt.
Mike Scully  is an Emmy Award-winning American television writer best known for his work as show runner of the Fox series "The Simpsons" from 1997 - 2001 .
George Meyer is an American producer and screenwriter for the television series "The Simpsons".
The Christian right is a spectrum of right-wing Christian political and social movements and organizations characterized by their strong support of conservative social and political values.
261 Prymno is a somewhat big Main belt asteroid.
Short subject is a format description originally coined in the North American film industry in the early period of cinema.
Tress MacNeille  is an American voice actress best known for providing various voices on the animated television series "The Simpsons", "Futurama", and "Animaniacs".
Karl Wiedergott has regularly played various voice roles in the television program "The Simpsons", beginning in 1998.
Bill Oakley  is an American television writer, best known for his work on "The Simpsons".
David X.
262 Valda is a small Main belt asteroid.
263 Dresda is a common Main belt asteroid.
Canterbury Cathedral is one of the oldest and most famous Christian buildings in England.
264 Libussa is a big Main belt asteroid.
265 Anna is a common Main belt asteroid.
Bosco Gurin is a municipality of the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Brione is a municipality of the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Brione sopra Minusio is a municipality of the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Brissago is a municipality of the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Brusino Arsizio is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
266 Aline is a fairly big Main belt asteroid.
Bruzella is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
267 Tirza is a fairly big, very dark Main belt asteroid.
268 Adorea is a very big Main belt asteroid.
269 Justitia is a fairly big Main belt asteroid.
The Second-in-Command  is the second commander, the person that is in charge after the commander, of any British Army or British Royal Marines unit/group.
Cademario is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the Swiss canton of Ticino.
Cadempino is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Cadenazzo is a municipality of the district of Bellinzona, in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Cadro is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Calpiogna is a municipality of the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Camignolo is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Camorino is a municipality of the district of Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Campello is a municipality of the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Vicente Blasco Ibáñez  was a Spanish realist novelist writing in Spanish, a screenwriter and occasional film director.
Pistoia is a city in the Tuscany region of Italy.
270 Anahita is a stony S-type Main belt asteroid.
271 Penthesilea is a big Main belt asteroid.
Seleute is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Vendlincourt is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Bassecourt is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Boécourt is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Bourrignon is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Châtillon is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
"Trans fat" is an artificial food.
Cluny is a city in eastern France.
The integumentary system is everything covering the outside of our bodies.
The auditory system is the sensory system for the sense for hearing.
The northbridge is one of two basic chips on the motherboard of a computer.
Mitlödi is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.
Mollis is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.
Mühlehorn is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.
Näfels is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.
Netstal is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.
Niederurnen is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in the country of Switzerland.
Oberurnen is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.
Obstalden is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.
Riedern is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.
272 Antonia is a common Main belt asteroid.
Rüti is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.
Schwanden is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.
Garichtisee is a lake on Mettmenalp above Schwanden in the Canton of Glarus, Switzerland.
Appenzell Ausserrhoden is a canton of Switzerland.
Appenzell is a district of the canton of Appenzell Innerrhoden in Switzerland.
Corban is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Courchapoix is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Courfaivre is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
The electric eel, "Electrophorus electricus", is a species of fish.
The Gymnotiformes is a lineage of electric fishes.
An Electric fish is a fish that can make electric fields.
Sergeant is a rank used in most militaries, policeforces, and other uniformed organizations around the world.
273 Atropos is a common Main belt asteroid.
Gourgen Yanikian  was an Armenian author and engineer who killed two Turkish consular officials in California in 1973.
274 Philagoria is a common Main belt asteroid.
Campo Blenio was a municipality of the district of Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Campo is a municipality of the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Schwändi is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.
Sool is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.
275 Sapientia is a very big Main belt asteroid.
276 Adelheid is a very big Main belt asteroid.
277 Elvira is a common Main belt asteroid and a member of the Koronis asteroid family.
278 Paulina is a common Main belt asteroid.
In information technologies we use the term DDR2 SDRAM for a Double Data Rate memory module of the second generation.
Southbridge is also known as Input/Output Controller Hub.
Organic light-emitting diode  is a type of light-emitting diode .
Karl Arnold (* 21.
Courrendlin is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Courroux is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
279 Thule is a very big Main belt asteroid.
A caucus is basically a meeting of supporters or members of a political party or movement.
Joseph Robinette Biden, Jr.
Courtételle is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Delémont  is the capital of the Swiss canton of Jura.
"Mr.
280 Philia is a fairly big Main belt asteroid.
281 Lucretia is an asteroid in the Flora family in the Main Belt.
Mélodie is the French word for “melody”.
Stage6 is a video sharing website.
Video sharing is when one person shares a video clip with another or many other people.
282 Clorinde is a common Main belt asteroid.
Angus McKinnon Young  is a Scottish-born Australian guitarist and songwriter.
Calvin Harris , is a Scottish singer, songwriter and record producer.
The Nashville Sounds are a minor league baseball team from Nashville, Tennessee.
LS-120 or SuperDisk is a high-speed, high-capacity alternative to the 90 mm , 1.44 MB floppy disk.
SuperDisk 120MB Diskettes may still be available in the marketplace, however are no longer warranted.
Good Hair Day  is an English hair styling company.
283 Emma is a big main belt asteroid.
284 Amalia is a big Main belt asteroid.
285 Regina is a common, although fairly big Main belt asteroid.
286 Iclea is a big Main belt asteroid.
287 Nephthys is a big Main belt asteroid.
The Wells Gray-Clearwater Volcanic Field is a volcanic field in east-central British Columbia, Canada.
The Blake River Megacaldera Complex is a giant caldera cluster that spans across the Ontario-Quebec border in Canada.
2014 is a year in the 21st century.
288 Glauke is an asteroid found by Robert Luther in 1890.
289 Nenetta is a common Main belt asteroid.
Mike Reiss  is an American television comedy writer.
Al Jean  is a television comedy writer best known for his work on "The Simpsons".
Sam Simon (born c.
290 Bruna is a small Main belt asteroid.
William Hall Macy, Jr.
Rowan Douglas Williams, DD, PC, FBA  is the 104th and current Archbishop of Canterbury, metropolitan of the province of Canterbury, Primate of All England, senior archbishop of the Church of England and the symbolic head of the worldwide Anglican Communion.
291 Alice is an asteroid in the Flora family in the Main Belt.
292 Ludovica is a Main belt asteroid.
293 Brasilia is a big Main belt asteroid.
The Common fig is an fruit; technically it is a syconium.
Kate Marie Nash  is an Irish singer and songwriter from Dublin.
In English, male singles used to be called "bachelors", female singles used to be called "spinsters" .
Catfish are a group of bony fish.
The Adam's apple is clinically known as the laryngeal prominence and is a feature of the human neck.
An adam's apple is a protrusion in the front of the throat.
294 Felicia is a big Main belt asteroid.
The words Forbidden fruit stand as a metaphor .
The Real Sociedad de Fútbol SAD is a Spanish football team.
Richard Mentor Johnson  was the ninth Vice President of the United States, serving with President Martin Van Buren.
295 Theresia is a common Main belt asteroid.
An allemande , is a dance that was popular in Baroque music in the 17th and early 18th centuries.
The illegal drug trade or drug trafficking is a global black market and consists of the cultivation, manufacture, distribution and sale of illegal drugs.
Mortadella di Bologna is an Italian kind of sausage.
A courante , is a dance that was popular in Baroque music in the 17th and early 18th centuries.
A sarabande , is a dance that was popular in Baroque music in the 17th and early 18th centuries.
The gigue or giga is a lively baroque dance.
Canobbio is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland It is not to be confused with Ca"nn"o"b"io in nearby Italy.
Capriasca is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Carabbia is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Carabietta is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Capolago is a municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Carona is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Caslano is a municipality of the district Lugano in the Swiss cantons of Ticino.
296 Phaëtusa is a small Main belt asteroid.
Altentreptow  is a town in the Demmin Rural District, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.
Cavagnago is a municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Caviano is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Cavigliano is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Cerentino is a municipality of the district Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Certara is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Cevio is the capital of the district Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Bignasco is a village in the district of Vallemaggia, in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.
Cavergno is a village in the district of Vallemaggia, in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.
Lucca is a city in the Italian region of Tuscany.
Massa is a town and "comune" in Tuscany, Italy, in the centre of province of Massa-Carrara.Located in the northern part of the Tuscany region.
Carrara is a city in the province of Massa-Carrara , famous for white or blue-gray marble,and for be a city "symbol" of international anarchism History.
297 Caecilia is a common Main belt asteroid.
298 Baptistina is a common Main belt asteroid.
VLC media player is a free software media player by the VideoLAN project,also called "VLC", or "VideoLAN Client".
"Guitar Hero" is a music video game, released on November 8, 2005 for the PlayStation 2.
"Guitar Hero II" is a music video game, released for the PlayStation 2 on November 7, 2006 and the Xbox 360 on April 3, 2007.
PeaZip is an open source, cross-platform, portable file archiver for Microsoft Windows and Linux.
In volcanology, the Volcanic Explosivity Index is the way to measure the strength of a volcanic eruption.
299 Thora is a common Main belt asteroid.
"For the band, see U2 ." The U-2  is an espionage fixed-wing aircraft made by Lockheed .
300 Geraldina is a big Main belt asteroid.
Russell Edward Brand  is an English comedian, actor, and Newspaper columnist.
The Chief Justice of the United States is the senior judge of the Supreme Court of the United States.
301 Bavaria is a big Main belt asteroid.
Protactinium is a chemical element with the symbol Pa and atomic number 91.
302 Clarissa is a common Main belt asteroid.
The  was a paramilitary group for the German Nazi Party.
303 Josephina is a big Main belt asteroid.
304 Olga is a big Main belt asteroid.
305 Gordonia is a fairly common, although big Main belt asteroid.
306 Unitas is a common Main belt asteroid.
Green Card or Permanent Resident Card is the card that shows that someone who is not a United States citizen is a permanent resident of the United States.
307 Nike is a big Main belt asteroid.
The Council of Chalcedon was an ecumenical council that took place from October 8 to November 1, 451, at Chalcedon .
Chalcedon  was an ancient maritime town of Bithynia, in Asia Minor, almost directly opposite Byzantium, south of Scutari .
Bithynia was an old kingdom of a Roman province in the northwest of Asia Minor.
Kadıköy is a large district on the Anatolian side of İstanbul, Turkey.
The Bosporus or Bosphorus is a strait that forms the boundary between the European part of Turkey and its Asian part .
A strait is a narrow, navigable channel of water that connects two larger navigable bodies of water.
In a "general sense" channel means connection.
The Strait of Dover or Dover Strait is the strait at the narrowest part of the English Channel.
SA is an abbreviation.
The Jemella Group is an organisation.
The Pigeon Detectives are an English band who originated from Rothwell in Leeds, they formed in 2002.
Hirschaid is the biggest municipality in the district of Bamberg.
Julián Marías Aguilera , was a Spanish philosopher.
Deuteronomy is a book in the Bible.
Viareggio is a city in northern Tuscany in Italy on the coast of the Tyrrhenian Sea.
308 Polyxo is a very big Main belt asteroid.
The Static Random Access Memory  is a high speed memory.
In Western Christian belief, damnation to hell is the punishment of God for persons who were sinners.
Chester Charles Bennington  is Linkin Park's vocalist.
Himno Nacional  is the national anthem of the Dominican Republic.
Pet Smart Inc.
Chironico is a municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Cimadera is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Claro is a municipality of the district Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
SCSI is a set of standards for physically connecting and transferring data between computers and peripheral devices, such as a CD or DVD drive.
Electric Gardens Festival, sometimes called Electric Gardens, 'EGFestival', 'EGFest', or 'EG', is a medium sized music festival at Mount Ephraim, Faversham in Kent.
309 Fraternitas is a common Main belt asteroid.
310 Margarita is a common Main belt asteroid.
311 Claudia is a common Main belt asteroid.
312 Pierretta is a fairly big Main belt asteroid.
313 Chaldaea is a big Main belt asteroid.
314 Rosalia is a big Main belt asteroid.
315 Constantia is a small asteroid in the Flora family in the Main Belt.
The Near East is a term used for Middle East by archaeologists, geographers and historians.
Collina d'Oro  is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
The term Far East means countries of East Asia.
Montagnola is a small Swiss village in the Collina d'Oro municipality.
Comano is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
316 Goberta is a common Main belt asteroid.
Contone is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Corippo is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Corticiasca is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Cresciano is a municipality of the district Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Croglio is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Cugnasco is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Cureglia is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Curio is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
317 Roxane is a common Main belt asteroid.
318 Magdalena is a big Main belt asteroid.
Dobryanka  is a town in Perm Krai, Russia.
319 Leona is a big Main belt asteroid.
320 Katharina is a small Main belt asteroid.
321 Florentina is a common Main belt asteroid.
Grosseto is a town in the central Italian region of Tuscany.
322 Phaeo is a big Main belt asteroid.
The Federal Ministry of Transport, Building and Urban Development  is a ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany.
Philosophy of science is the part of philosophy that studies sciences.
Volterra is a city in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Floppy drives  and Zip drives  are the hardward used to read some types of diskettes Diskettes are magnetic mediums which are used for saving and sending electronically data.
Dynamic random access memory is the most used form of RAM.
 Touchpad .
Fingerprint scanners are security systems of biometrics.
323 Brucia was the first asteroid to be found by the use of pictures.
324 Bamberga is the 16th biggest asteroid in the Main asteroid belt.
Dalpe is a municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Faido is the capital of the district of Leventina in the Italian-speaking canton of Ticino in southern Switzerland.
Frasco is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Gerra  is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Gerra  is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Ghirone was a municipality of the district Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Giornico is a municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Giubiasco is a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Gnosca is a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Gordevio is a municipality of the district Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Gordola is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Giaches de Wert   was a Flemish composer who lived and worked in Italy.
San Gimignano is a small hill town in the province of Siena, Tuscany, Italy.
The Federal Ministry of Food, Agriculture and Consumer Protection  is a ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany.
Gorduno is a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Grancia is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Gravesano is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
ACF Fiorentina "",often called just and friendly Fiorentina, is an Italian professional football club from Florence, Tuscany.Founded in 1926.
Gresso is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Gudo is a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Indemini is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Intragna is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Iragna is a municipality of the district Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Iseo is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Isone is a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Isorno is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Lamone is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Lavertezzo is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Lavizzara is a municipality of the district Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Ligornetto is a municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Linescio is a municipality of the district Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
325 Heidelberga is a big Main belt asteroid.
326 Tamara is a big Main belt asteroid.
327 Columbia is a common Main belt asteroid.
328 Gudrun is a very big Main belt asteroid.
329 Svea is a big Main belt asteroid.
330 Adalberta is a small Main belt asteroid.
331 Etheridgea is a big Main belt asteroid.
332 Siri is a common Main belt asteroid.
The Federal Ministry of Economics and Technology  is a Federal Ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany.
The Federal Ministry of Education and Research   is a Federal Ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany.
Locarno is the capital of the Locarno district in the Swiss canton of Ticino.
Lodrino is a municipality of the district Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Losone is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
333 Badenia is a big asteroid made of carbonates in the farther part of the Main belt.
The "New Musical Express"  is an Indie and pop music magazine in the United Kingdom and it has has been published every week since March 1952.
Pedernales is a Dominican province; it is located in the southwestern part of the country, on the border with Haiti.
334 Chicago is a very big Main belt asteroid.
335 Roberta is a big Main belt asteroid.
"Wolfenstein 3D" is a 1992 first person shooter computer video game.
336 Lacadiera is a big Main belt asteroid.
"Deceiver" is the fourth album by American musician Chris Thile, which was released in 2004.
337 Devosa is a big Main belt asteroid.
338 Budrosa is a big Main belt asteroid.
339 Dorothea is a common Main belt asteroid.
My Trach Massacre was the murder of many people in My Trach Village, My Thuy Commune, Le Thuy District, Quang Binh Province, Vietnam.
The Anti-submarine boom net was used to stop enemy submarines entering Sydney Harbour during World War II.
Eurotrash is an American English slang term to describe stereotypical Europeans.
This page lists the main local rulers: rulers of dependencies and of the main administrative divisions  .
Adele Laurie Blue Adkins  is an English soul and jazz singer.
Hair straightening is where a person makes their hair more straight.
History.
Intel Core is a name of family 32-bit processors with dual-core, projected and produced by Intel Company.
A geographer is a scientist whose area of study is geography.
A chakra is an energy centre in the human body as taught in Indian yoga and some related cultures.
The scalp is the anatomical area between the face and the neck.
The Maltese people, or Maltese, are a nation and ethnic group native to Malta, an island country made of a group of seven islands in the Mediterranean Sea.
A permanent wave, commonly called a perm, is the chemical treatment of hair to produce curls.
An audiophile is a person who cares about how good music sounds on a stereo or other high fidelity sound system.
Barbelo is a goddess in Gnosticsm.
Perm  is a city and administrative center of "Perm Krai", Russia.
In Buddhist thought, bodhicitta is the motivation of a bodhisattva.
In Hinduism and Buddhism, a dakini is a female being like a goddess.
Dattatreya is considered by some Hindus  to be God who is an incarnation of the Divine Trinity Brahma, Vishnu and Siva.
Gnosticism comes from the which means knowledge.
Grigori Yefimovich Rasputin , also known as the 'Mad Monk', was not a monk, but a Russian religious pilgrim.
Grimoire is an old name for a book of magic.
The American NVIDIA Corporation is a multinational company , specialized in production of graphics processors technologies for computers and small mobile devices .
Hermeticism is the study and practice of occult philosophy and magic.
The Illuminati Order or Bavarian Illuminati was a short-lived secret group based in Ingolstadt, Germany.
The Simputer is a small, cheap device, similar to personal digital assistant .
Stonewall UK is a gay rights organisation in the United Kingdom which was named after the Stonewall riots.
James Branch Cabell  was an American author of fantasy fiction.
Gela is a city in the Italian region of Sicily.
"Kamasutra" , also known in Western countries as the "Kama Sutra", is an ancient Indian book on love.
Lu Sheng-Yen  , is the founder and spiritual leader of the True Buddha School, which is a religious group with teachings taken from Taoism and Buddhism.
The tournament is played in January, during the Australian Summer.
Adrian Willaert ,  was a Flemish composer in the Renaissance period.
Sydney Harbour  is a natural harbour.
The "Austin Girls":.
The Vex Robotics Design System is a robotic kit intended to introduce students as well as adults to the world of robotics.
340 Eduarda is a common Main belt asteroid.
Billy Ray Cyrus  is a Grammy nominated American country singer and actor.
341 California is an asteroid in the Flora family in the Main Belt, that has a very high albedo.
342 Endymion is a big Main belt asteroid.
"How to Grow a Woman from the Ground" is a 2006 album by Chris Thile, who made the album with the How to Grow a Band, credited to Chris Thile.
343 Ostara is a common Main belt asteroid.
344 Desiderata is a very big Main belt asteroid.
345 Tercidina is a big Main belt asteroid.
346 Hermentaria is a very big Main belt asteroid.
347 Pariana is a big Main belt asteroid.
348 May is a big Main belt asteroid.
349 Dembowska is a big main belt asteroid with a very high albedo of 0.384.
Yantra literally means loom, instrument or machine.
The Shri Yantra or Sri Chakra of Tripura Sundari is a yantra or mandala formed by nine interlocking triangles surrounding a dot in the cetner called a bindu.
350 Ornamenta is a very big Main belt asteroid.
351 Yrsa is a common Main belt asteroid.
352 Gisela is an asteroid in the Flora family in the Main Belt that has a very high albedo.
353 Ruperto-Carola is a small Main belt asteroid.
354 Eleonora is a very big Main belt asteroid.
355 Gabriella is a common Main belt asteroid.
356 Liguria is a very big Main belt asteroid.
357 Ninina is a very big Main belt asteroid.
358 Apollonia is a big Main belt asteroid.
359 Georgia is a common Main belt asteroid.
360 Carlova is a very big Main belt asteroid.
A tulku  is a Tibetan Buddhist lama who has achieved the ability to consciously determine to be reborn, often many times, in order to continue their Bodhisattva vow.
Yeshe Tsogyel  is also known in the Nyingma tradition of Tibetan Buddhism as the Great Bliss Queen.
Urho Kaleva Kekkonen  was the President of Finland between 1956 and 1982.
John Pierpont Morgan  was an American banker, donater, and art collector who was skilled in managing and handling money.
Albert Hofmann  was a Swiss scientist best known for having invented Lysergic acid diethylamide .
361 Bononia is a very big Main belt asteroid.
362 Havnia is a common Main belt asteroid.
363 Padua is probably a common Main belt asteroid.
364 Isara is an asteroid in the Flora family in the Main Belt.
365 Corduba is a very big Main belt asteroid.
A mahasiddha  is type of yogi important in Tantra.
The newer Gelug school is known as the "Yellow Hat Sect".
Peter  Shotton was a longtime friend of John Lennon, who founded The Beatles.
The gustatory system is the sensory system for the sense of taste.
The olfactory system is the sensory system used for olfaction or the sense of smell.
Bricostore is a type of French hypermarket.
Pharaoh's Island is an island in the River Thames, England.
Carroll M.
Robert Johnson, born Robert Leroy Johnson  is one of the most famous Delta blues musicians.
Ishman Bracey , was a blues singer and guitarist from Mississippi.
The Bundesfinanzhof or "Federal Finance Court" is one of the federal supreme courts of Germany.
Hot Club de Paris are a band which came from Liverpool, United Kingdom.
Willie Brown  was an American guitarist and singer.
Sidney George "Sid" Wilson is an American musician and member of Slipknot.
Mahamudra  is an advanced form of meditation in Buddhism.
A discount store is a type of department store, which sell products at prices lower than those asked by traditional retail outlets.
The Second Temple  was the reconstructed Temple in Jerusalem which stood between 516 BCE and 70 CE.
The Temple in Jerusalem or Holy Temple  lied on the Temple Mount  in the old city of Jerusalem.
Mean Girls is a 2004 movie starring Lindsay Lohan.
The French Open is one of the four Grand Slam tennis tournaments.
Sam Chatmon , was a guitarist and singer.
A medicine wheel is a stone structure built by the natives of North America for spiritual and ritual purposes.
Stone structures, or "megaliths", have been built by men for thousands of years.
A megalith is a large stone used to build a structure or monument, either alone or together with other stones.
Moshi Moshi Records is a small London-based independent record label that has released music by the bands such as The Rakes, Bloc Party, Hot Chip, Hot Club De Paris, Kate Nash, Junkboy, Architecture in Helsinki, Tilly and the Wall, Yeti, and its newest release is from a group called Au Revoir Simone.
Nathan Jonas "Joey" Jordison (b.
Richard Cromwell  was the third son of Oliver Cromwell, and the second Lord Protector of England, Scotland and Ireland, for little over eight months, from 3 September 1658 until 25 May 1659.
A non-renewable resource is a natural resource is used up faster than it can be made by nature.
Cipriano de Rore  was a composer who lived in the Renaissance period.
Flemish means belonging to Flanders, the north part of the country of Belgium.
The 1965 Yerevan Demonstrations were a 24 hour mass protest in Yerevan, Armenian SSR on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the Armenian genocide.
366 Vincentina is a fairly big main belt asteroid.
The Armenian Revolutionary Army  was a paramilitary organization.
367 Amicitia is a common Main belt asteroid.
368 Haidea is a big Main belt asteroid.
A thin film transistor liquid crystal display is a technology which is used in LCD monitor and television displays.
369 Aëria is a big Main belt asteroid.
370 Modestia is probably a common Main belt asteroid.
371 Bohemia is a big Main belt asteroid.
372 Palma is one of the biggest Main belt asteroids.
373 Melusina is a big Main belt asteroid.
374 Burgundia is a common Main belt asteroid.
375 Ursula is a very big Main belt asteroid.
376 Geometria is a common Main belt asteroid.
377 Campania is a big Main belt asteroid.
378 Holmia is a common Main belt asteroid.
Jenkem is an alleged drug that was supposedly invented in poor parts of Africa.
The tournament was first played in 1881 for men, and 1887 for women.
Mobile device is an electric device which you can easily move.
The Onion Router or Tor is a software that keeps users anonymous on the Internet.
A damage deposit or deposit is a sum of money that is paid when one rents an item.
379 Huenna is a rather big Main belt asteroid.
380 Fiducia is a big Main belt asteroid.
381 Myrrha is a very big Main belt asteroid.
382 Dodona is a big Main belt asteroid.
Lodging or holiday accommodation is a type of accommodation.
The Most Serene Republic of Venice , was an Italian state in a place of current Venice.
Mindroling Monastery is one of the six major monasteries of the Nyingma school in Tibet.
Royal Mail is the postal service of the United Kingdom.
Body dysmorphic disorder  is a mental problem where people think they look different to how they really look.
Bed & breakfast means a stay in a private home when travelling abroad.
James "Jimmy" Cotton , is an American blues harmonica player, singer, and songwriter.
Accommodation is the process by which the eye increases optical power .
In geometrical optics, a focus  is the point where light rays that come from a point on the object converge .
The following is a list of the municipalities in Switzerland.
Vich is a municipality in Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.
Ludiano is a municipality of the district Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Lugaggia is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Lugano  is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Lumino is a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
The Pyramids of Egypt are among the largest structures ever built and are one of the most important examples of Ancient Egyptian civilization.
Andy Murray , is a Scottish tennis professional.
The Old Kingdom is the name for Egypt during the 3rd millennium BC when the civilization of Egypt had its first peak.
Memphis was the ancient capital of the first nome of Lower Egypt, and of the Old Kingdom of Egypt from its foundation until around 2200 BC and later for shorter periods during the New Kingdom.
This is a list of formula to measure textual difficulty.
A nome  was a administrative part of ancient Egypt.
The cataracts of the Nile are shallow stretches between Aswan and Khartoum where the water's surface is broken by numerous small boulders and stones that lye on the river bed, as well as many small rocky islets.
Paul Dedrick Gray is an American musician and bassist for Nu Metal band Slipknot.
Smog is a type of air polutant; the word "smog" is a combination of smoke and fog.
Island Records is a record label that was founded by British makers in Jamaica.
Fiction Records is a record label that was founded in 1978 by Chris Parry as a home for The Cure.
Foals are a dance-punk band from Oxford who play a mixture of Indie, techno and Math-Rock..
Polydor Records is a record label currently based in the UK, and is a subsidiary of Universal Music Group.
Fascination Records is a Polydor sub-label that launched in spring 2006.
This is a list of notable record labels.
Laura Marling  is a folk-pop singer-songwriter from Reading, Berkshire, England.
This is a list of notable record labels starting with numbers.
Self-replication is any process by which a thing might make a copy of itself.
Josquin des Prez  was a French composer.
Giuseppe Piero Grillo, better known as Beppe Grillo , is an Italian comedian and actor.
Tor is a part of land that is made of rock.
Palladium is an English Pop Rock band formed in September 2006.
A meme , is a term for a theoretical unit of cultural information.
Analogy in a more simple understanding is a similar structure to a given structure or the use of a similar example or model to explain something.
Illegitimacy is a word that used to be used to describe someone whose parents were not married.
383 Janina is a common Main belt asteroid.
384 Burdigala is a common Main belt asteroid.
The Wimbledon Championships is one of the four Grand Slam tennis tournaments.
Image:Alabama counties map.png|thumb|right|350px|Alabama counties  poly 210 83 208 83 199 75 188 75 176 70 171 70 165 74 150 79 145 85 136 86 122 74 119 66 115 60 107 57 103 57 99 60 92 56 84 40 218 43 217 72 210 78 211 82 Lauderdale County, Alabama poly 189 76 188 89 185 100 180 100 175 113 91 110 98 60 103 57 107 57 116 63 121 69 123 76 135 85 143 86 151 79 165 74 170 70 177 70 Colbert County, Alabama poly 174 113 91 110 86 153 174 156 Franklin County, Alabama poly 159 220 160 156 86 154 81 196 111 197 111 202 116 202 116 219 Marion County, Alabama poly 115 284 71 282 81 196 111 197 111 202 116 202 116 283 116 284 Lamar County, Alabama poly 130 284 71 282 60 370 83 370 87 366 87 363 96 364 97 361 101 363 103 363 103 360 111 357 113 357 115 351 130 346 Pickens County, Alabama poly 148 369 147 367 130 367 130 346 115 351 113 357 103 360 102 362 100 364 97 361 96 363 93 364 92 362 88 363 83 370 85 373 85 377 81 376 81 378 82 380 79 381 83 392 86 393 82 396 84 399 87 398 92 402 98 402 98 407 92 407 95 416 90 419 93 422 100 420 99 428 96 430 98 436 116 429 120 432 126 433 129 436 127 436 126 435 122 434 121 437 124 440 124 445 126 447 127 444 131 445 132 447 134 447 133 442 135 442 135 437 139 440 143 438 142 433 135 434 132 430 139 429 140 430 142 427 137 427 135 417 131 418 131 415 133 413 131 408 125 410 125 407 132 403 131 395 134 387 139 385 139 381 145 378 143 374 147 372 Greene County, Alabama poly 128 449 128 447 123 445 123 440 120 436 123 434 126 437 128 435 126 432 119 432 116 430 105 434 98 436 95 429 97 427 97 422 101 421 99 418 96 422 91 420 91 418 94 417 91 406 96 406 98 403 97 402 93 403 88 396 86 399 82 396 85 394 84 391 80 383 78 382 79 379 81 380 84 378 81 378 82 376 84 377 85 375 83 370 59 370 47 482 114 483 114 482 108 478 103 473 99 472 100 463 107 458 109 458 118 448 127 450 Sumter County, Alabama poly 116 487 116 483 47 482 39 549 40 582 92 583 91 573 85 574 79 563 87 549 97 547 97 544 89 543 91 539 94 541 95 535 93 532 92 534 89 533 88 524 93 521 96 523 99 520 98 517 100 510 102 510 104 491 102 489 103 487 105 487 105 485 106 485 112 485 114 488 116 483 Choctaw County, Alabama poly 92 583 39 582 42 678 56 678 57 673 100 674 104 669 108 671 111 671 110 665 113 660 109 657 106 656 106 654 110 654 110 648 109 646 114 647 119 640 119 635 114 625 118 618 112 612 107 611 98 605 101 605 101 602 97 602 93 599 94 596 92 590 94 588 Washington County, Alabama poly 111 674 108 674 107 670 104 670 100 674 57 673 56 678 41 678 47 835 96 837 103 751 100 740 99 739 99 733 103 732 104 729 110 727 110 723 106 720 105 717 110 709 113 709 113 706 108 702 111 687 109 686 106 683 Mobile County, Alabama poly 96 838 104 750 100 734 104 732 104 728 110 727 111 723 105 720 105 717 111 709 113 709 114 706 108 703 111 687 107 684 111 674 109 674 107 670 112 671 112 667 115 667 124 664 129 652 132 654 134 653 131 646 132 646 135 649 145 649 150 655 153 658 158 658 157 699 161 699 161 705 154 720 160 728 167 734 170 741 187 751 188 755 187 766 180 776 181 779 183 781 183 785 188 789 192 789 191 792 188 795 183 795 180 807 172 809 172 812 180 812 178 814 150 821 127 825 Baldwin County, Alabama poly 285 699 158 699 157 658 165 661 176 655 277 656 277 667 286 667 Escambia County, Alabama poly 257 563 174 563 175 565 172 566 172 584 165 584 165 608 157 614 165 620 164 628 160 632 156 631 155 628 145 633 142 638 142 643 140 643 138 638 134 645 135 649 144 649 150 656 158 659 167 662 176 656 184 656 186 652 194 646 196 641 212 624 216 625 221 612 225 594 237 588 237 582 244 582 258 575 Monroe County, Alabama poly 172 562 158 562 158 555 150 555 151 535 95 535 95 540 88 540 88 544 95 545 92 549 87 549 80 565 84 574 89 572 92 577 93 590 93 593 94 600 99 604 112 612 116 617 115 625 120 634 119 641 116 646 108 655 110 666 117 667 128 654 133 655 135 649 135 643 138 638 141 643 142 637 154 628 160 631 166 620 158 613 166 609 166 584 172 584 Clarke County, Alabama poly 178 484 172 485 172 455 144 455 143 448 133 448 130 446 128 444 128 449 119 448 112 457 106 459 100 463 99 472 102 472 110 478 115 483 116 487 111 484 103 488 103 508 99 520 96 523 92 522 89 524 91 535 93 533 95 536 151 536 151 532 158 533 159 513 173 513 174 491 180 491 Marengo County, Alabama poly 188 371 146 369 143 375 143 381 138 386 131 390 132 402 124 409 132 409 134 413 130 417 131 418 135 417 135 427 142 426 141 430 135 431 136 434 143 434 141 437 138 442 131 449 144 449 144 455 173 455 172 427 179 427 181 398 187 398 Hale County, Alabama poly 187 271 188 256 173 257 172 228 159 227 158 221 116 219 116 283 154 283 154 275 159 275 159 270 Fayette County, Alabama poly 209 286 202 286 202 273 194 274 193 271 160 270 160 277 154 277 154 284 131 284 131 368 146 368 147 370 200 370 202 355 205 349 219 349 219 338 225 332 228 332 230 336 236 329 237 325 223 319 211 305 199 296 199 290 206 292 Tuscaloosa County, Alabama poly 241 330 234 330 232 335 229 333 226 333 218 339 218 349 207 349 203 355 202 370 187 371 187 392 201 391 201 398 263 398 262 362 252 358 252 356 250 354 249 345 243 343 Bibb County, Alabama poly 242 398 201 398 201 391 187 391 187 399 181 399 179 427 172 428 173 484 185 483 186 454 229 454 242 416 Perry County, Alabama poly 256 426 244 426 242 417 230 454 187 455 187 484 178 484 180 491 184 492 221 527 258 527 257 499 273 499 263 489 269 485 267 482 272 477 258 444 Dallas County, Alabama poly 266 539 265 527 220 527 195 501 182 490 174 491 172 512 157 513 158 532 150 534 152 555 158 554 158 563 257 562 257 540 Wilcox County, Alabama poly 286 612 267 613 257 595 257 575 245 581 235 581 235 588 224 595 216 623 184 655 278 656 278 669 285 667 285 642 290 639 291 628 286 628 Conecuh County, Alabama poly 359 699 358 626 349 625 344 612 328 625 328 613 286 613 288 628 291 628 292 638 286 644 288 699 Covington County, Alabama poly 358 541 343 541 342 527 328 527 328 541 323 541 321 591 314 591 315 613 328 612 329 624 345 612 346 624 350 627 359 627 357 612 361 612 365 609 364 598 359 596 365 588 364 569 357 569 361 548 Crenshaw County, Alabama poly 396 489 388 480 380 465 371 466 357 462 350 452 342 458 342 466 333 463 322 470 315 477 317 489 328 494 328 525 341 527 343 540 384 540 385 494 387 490 Montgomery County, Alabama poly 322 541 258 541 258 595 267 613 316 614 314 592 322 592 Butler County, Alabama poly 328 540 327 494 316 489 316 479 309 478 308 474 303 474 300 476 299 467 293 469 293 474 289 477 285 476 284 468 275 470 276 478 274 485 270 485 263 491 270 496 272 497 259 498 257 527 264 526 266 541 Lowndes County, Alabama poly 326 419 285 419 284 428 257 427 259 444 258 445 271 475 269 485 277 479 275 471 284 469 286 478 295 474 294 468 298 468 299 477 305 474 311 478 316 478 327 467 Autauga County, Alabama poly 312 367 307 367 298 359 263 359 262 398 243 398 242 425 284 427 284 419 325 419 326 412 332 412 321 400 322 395 319 392 317 392 312 378 315 373 Chilton County, Alabama poly 317 281 313 281 312 286 308 286 301 294 291 294 269 315 248 328 243 330 242 343 249 343 250 355 261 363 261 360 299 360 307 367 311 367 315 353 320 349 314 342 334 322 333 314 337 312 331 308 331 288 318 288 Shelby County, Alabama poly 307 245 295 245 279 232 262 232 242 244 238 262 218 273 218 281 200 292 201 295 211 305 225 321 238 329 246 330 263 316 268 316 268 311 277 311 290 295 299 295 312 281 308 278 307 270 312 262 Jefferson County, Alabama poly 250 231 245 227 245 224 233 224 225 206 159 206 159 226 173 228 173 257 187 257 188 271 194 272 195 275 203 275 203 285 208 289 219 280 217 273 238 262 242 244 252 239 Walker County, Alabama poly 231 157 160 156 160 206 229 207 Winston County, Alabama poly 232 94 227 87 211 80 210 82 207 82 198 74 188 75 188 85 184 99 174 114 174 155 230 158 Lawrence County, Alabama poly 275 44 218 42 218 73 208 79 211 82 217 83 234 97 245 101 255 110 270 117 274 117 Limestone County, Alabama poly 276 44 275 116 277 115 286 111 289 111 291 115 295 116 299 111 305 112 310 125 314 129 323 128 329 121 337 123 340 109 333 102 333 86 336 83 337 70 334 64 339 58 339 53 341 53 345 54 348 52 340 44 Madison County, Alabama poly 435 44 339 44 349 53 346 57 339 52 335 58 332 102 341 110 361 109 362 119 369 121 372 132 382 128 411 105 422 84 425 84 431 69 438 65 Jackson County, Alabama poly 438 66 432 69 431 77 425 84 421 86 410 105 389 123 371 130 367 137 368 173 403 173 403 167 412 164 439 133 438 128 447 119 DeKalb County, Alabama poly 463 212 447 119 439 128 440 133 412 164 403 168 404 188 411 184 418 211 Cherokee County, Alabama poly 419 211 410 185 405 189 404 173 368 173 368 175 359 175 337 200 333 217 337 218 343 208 349 213 356 208 376 231 384 228 390 219 392 223 397 223 395 216 405 213 418 218 Etowah County, Alabama poly 341 190 356 177 369 176 367 136 371 132 369 121 362 119 362 108 339 109 338 118 338 122 327 121 325 127 314 127 308 119 303 156 317 157 Marshall County, Alabama poly 306 121 307 113 301 111 293 117 289 114 289 110 284 110 278 118 271 116 243 101 233 96 231 155 303 157 Morgan County, Alabama poly 321 164 316 158 231 155 230 208 225 207 235 220 233 223 234 225 245 225 246 230 250 231 257 227 257 221 275 212 287 196 287 193 290 193 300 188 307 177 307 173 311 166 Cullman County, Alabama poly 341 191 321 164 311 166 308 178 300 187 288 192 277 211 257 221 256 227 250 230 253 238 263 232 280 233 294 245 305 246 304 239 310 239 320 235 322 236 335 226 335 221 339 217 339 216 331 216 Blount County, Alabama poly 375 231 373 228 370 228 367 222 361 222 358 213 356 208 347 213 344 209 339 216 336 225 325 237 318 236 304 241 304 246 307 245 311 257 306 276 312 282 318 282 319 289 331 289 332 306 342 294 343 286 346 286 348 291 351 289 359 281 352 275 359 268 360 262 354 258 358 255 361 259 364 259 363 254 366 254 376 246 378 244 374 240 St.
A legume is a type of dry fruit.
Bifocals are eyeglasses with lenses that are split between two different strengths.
A lightning rod or lightning conductor is a metal rod that is used to make lightning strike it, rather than something else.
Ashland is an American city in the state of Alabama.
Robert Renfroe "Bob" Riley (b.
385 Ilmatar is a big Main Belt asteroid.
386 Siegena is a very big Main belt asteroid.
387 Aquitania is a fairly big Main belt asteroid.
388 Charybdis is a very big Main belt asteroid.
389 Industria is a big Main belt asteroid.
390 Alma is a common medium sized Main belt asteroid.
391 Ingeborg is probably a common Main belt asteroid.
392 Wilhelmina is a big Main belt asteroid.
393 Lampetia is a fairly big Main belt asteroid.
394 Arduina is a common Main belt asteroid.
395 Delia is a big Main belt asteroid.
396 Aeolia is a common Main belt asteroid.
397 Vienna is a common Main belt asteroid.
398 Admete is a common Main belt asteroid.
Leon Czolgosz  was an assassin and an anarchist.
The Federal district is the area around the national capital in some federal countries.
399 Persephone is a common Main belt asteroid.
400 Ducrosa is a common Main belt asteroid.
401 Ottilia is a big Main belt asteroid.
402 Chloë is a big Main belt asteroid.
403 Cyane is a common Main belt asteroid.
404 Arsinoë is a big Main belt asteroid.
Baldwin County is a county in the U.S.
Wayne Mark Rooney  is a football  player who plays for Manchester United and his country, England.
Mobile County is a county of the U.S.
Mike Cross  is an American singer and a guitar player.
Arthur "Big Boy" Crudup  was a delta blues singer and guitarist.
David "Honeyboy" Edwards  is an American blues guitarist and singer.
Houston County is a county in the state of Alabama, United States It is the newest county in Alabama, as it was only created on 9 February 1903.
Pompeii was a Roman city.
Henry Sloan  was an African American musician.
The Carnival of Blacks and Whites  is a carnival in the colombian city of Pasto.
Charles-Edouard Jeanneret-Gris , , known by the popular name of Le Corbusier, was an architect and writer born in Switzerland.
"Anna Karenina" , also Anglicised as "Anna Karenin", is a novel by the Russian writer Leo Tolstoy.
"For Film, TV, radio, or theatrical adaptations of the novel see:" "For the cruiseferry, see S "Anna Karenina"" .
Prada is a famous Italian fashion company  with shops and products around the world.
A cross section is what one gets if one cuts an object into slices.
In a simple understanding space is something that we all know and that is measured in the three dimensions: length, width and height.
Quintus Horatius Flaccus , known to English speakers as Horace, was a famous poet in the Roman Empire.
Space in simple understanding is an area or volume.
In physics, a physical body  is a collection of masses, when you look at them as one object only.
Ebisu , also known as Yebisu or Hiruko  or Kotoshiro-nushi-no-kami , is the Japanese god of fishermen, good luck and working men, and also the guardian of the health of children.
The Dominican peso is the money of the Dominican Republic.
Proprioception is the sense that people have of knowing where the parts of their body are.
A permutation is a single way of arranging a group of objects.
To help in showing the sizes of different geographic regions, areas between 1 km²  and 10 km²  are listed below.
A lipid is a type of molecule useful in biology.
Group theory is an advanced subject in mathematics.
St.
Margherita di Savoia or "Margaret of Savoy" , was an Italian queen of the Kingdom of Italy during the reign  of her husband, Humbert I.
In music, consonance and dissonance are words which are used to describe certain musical intervals or chords.
405 Thia is a very big Main belt asteroid.
Carpe diem is a famous phrase from one of the poems of Horace.
Dr.
406 Erna is a common Main belt asteroid.
Schwelm is a town in the district of Ennepe-Ruhr Rural District the state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
The Bundesarbeitsgericht or "Federal Labour Court" is the German federal supreme court of appeals for cases of labour law.
The Bundessozialgericht  is the German federal supreme court of appeals for social security cases.
The Bundesverwaltungsgericht or "Federal Administrative Court" is one of the five federal supreme courts of Germany.
The Santa María de Iquique school Massacre was on December 21 1907.
407 Arachne is a big Main belt asteroid.
Skype is a software program that uses the internet to make telephone calls.
408 Fama is a common Main belt asteroid.
Wookieepedia  is an online encyclopedia for information on the Star Wars fictional universe—including information of six films, as well as Expanded Universe.
Chianti is a kind of red wine.
409 Aspasia is a very big Main belt asteroid.
Maxïmo Park  are an English indie rock band who formed in 2000.
Math rock is a guitar-based style of indie rock which has complex rhythms.
410 Chloris is a very big Main belt asteroid.
The Middle Kingdom is the period in the history of ancient Egypt stretching from the establishment of the Eleventh Dynasty to the end of the Fourteenth Dynasty, roughly between 2030 BC and 1640 BC.
Thebes  was a city in Ancient Egypt about 800 km south of the Mediterranean, on the east bank of the river Nile .
What Time Is It? is a song off the soundtrack of the 2007 movie High School Musical 2.
The Politics of Germany is based on a federal parliamentary democratic republic The Federal Chancellor is the head of government, and of the majority group in the legislature  which is called the Bundestag.
Music notation or musical notation is a way of writing down music so that anyone can play it.
Musicology means the study of music by a scholar.
Group 0 in the periodic table is the group where the noble gases are arranged.
The Armenian-Tatar massacres  refers to the inter-ethnic conflict between the Armenians and the Caucasian Tartars  in the Caucasus in 1905—1907.
411 Xanthe is a big Main belt asteroid.
C-pop is short for Chinese popular music.
Stefanie Sun (a multi-award-winning C-Pop singer and songwriter.
In Indian religions, a mudra  is a gesture made with the hand or fingers.
Aaron Kwok is a popular Hong Kong singer and movie actor.
Styrene is a certain organic chemical compound having the chemical formula C8H8.
412 Elisabetha is a big Main belt asteroid.
"Para Para Sakura" is a 2001 romance-comedy movie directed by Jingle Ma, starring Aaron Kwok and Cecilia Cheung.
413 Edburga is a common Main belt asteroid.
414 Liriope is a big Main belt asteroid.
Wayne Lin, born on 27 March 1981, is more commonly known as JJ Lin.
415 Palatia is a big Main belt asteroid.
416 Vaticana is a big Main belt asteroid.
417 Suevia is a common Main belt asteroid.
418 Alemannia is a common Main belt asteroid.
Li Yin Zhang , also known in Korea by her Korean name RiIn Jang, is the first and currently only Chinese solo singer to break into the Korean music industry.
419 Aurelia is a very big Main belt asteroid.
420 Bertholda is a very big Main belt asteroid.
Nyingma is the name of one of the four major schools of Tibetan Buddhism.
421 Zähringia is a small Main belt asteroid.
422 Berolina is a common Main belt asteroid.
423 Diotima is a one of the largest Main belt asteroids.
424 Gratia is a big Main belt asteroid.
425 Cornelia is a big Main belt asteroid.
426 Hippo is a very big Main belt asteroid.
427 Galene is a common Main belt asteroid.
428 Monachia is an asteroid orbiting in the Flora family in the Main Belt.
429 Lotis is a big Main belt asteroid.
430 Hybris is a common Main belt asteroid.
431 Nephele is a big Main belt asteroid.
432 Pythia is a common Main belt asteroid.
433 Eros is the first found Near-Earth asteroid named after the Greek god of love, Eros .
Thelema is the English spelling of the Greek noun: "will", from the verb "θέλω": to will, wish, purpose.
Svecchachara is the Sanskrit equivalent of the Greek word Thelema, interpreted by Aleister Crowley as "Do What Thou Wilt." In the first volume of the TWILIGHT YOGA, "Ecstasy, Equipoise, and Eternity", Shri Gurudev Mahendranath wrote, .
Ole Nydahl  is the founder and leader of Diamond Way Buddhism, an organisation in the Karma Kagyu school of Tibetan Buddhism.
Tank  is a Taiwanese singer-songwriter.
Mayday  is one of the biggest alternative rock bands in the Taiwanese pop culture.
"Der Dativ ist dem Genitv sein Tod"  is a book series written by Bastian Sick which deals with doubtful cases of grammar, orthography, and punctuation, and uninteresting and poor way of expressing in the German language playfully.
"Made of Bricks" is the first album by the British singer-songwriter, Kate Nash.
"Matinée" is the first album from British singer-'songwriter Jack Peñate.
"Radio 1's Live Lounge" is an album of live tracks played on Jo Whiley's Radio 1 show.
Sula Sgeir is a small, uninhabited Scottish island in the North Atlantic.
434 Hungaria is a fairly small closer Main belt asteroid.
Antidifferentiation  is a part of mathematics.
Baucau is a city in East Timor .
Year 1 BC was a leap year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar.
435 Ella is a common Main belt asteroid.
The Data Protection Act  is a set of rules written by the British government for people who use data about living people on computers or any sort of storage system, even paper records.
Nontrinitarism is a movement within Christianity.
436 Patricia is a big Main belt asteroid.
437 Rhodia is a common Main belt asteroid.
438 Zeuxo is a big Main belt asteroid.
439 Ohio is a big Main belt asteroid.
Daegu  is a city in South Korea.
440 Theodora is a small Main belt asteroid.
Interstate is a long freeway which the west side ends at Los Angeles, and the other side ends at Jacksonville.
These are ranked lists of the Provinces of Dominican Republic.
Miranda Taylor Cosgrove  is a American child actress and singer.
In the context of Russian Orthodox church history, the Old Believers  became separated after 1666 - 1667.
Eighty-one is a number.
The Province of Florence  is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Province of Arezzo  is the eastern most province in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Province of Grosseto  is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy.
The Old Catholic Church is a name for a group of Christian churches.
The Province of Livorno  is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Province of Lucca  is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy.
The Province of Massa-Carrara  is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy.
The Province of Pisa  is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Wave-particle duality is where waves can behave like particles, and particles can behave like waves.
The Province of Pistoia (It.
The Province of Prato  is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy.
The War of the Pacific or saltpeter war grew out of a dispute between Chile and Bolivia over control of a part of the Atacama desert that lies between the 23rd and 26th parallels on the Pacific coast.
The Province of Siena is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Johannes Ockeghem , was the most famous composer of the Franco-Flemish School  in the last half of the 15th century, and is often thought of as the most important composer between Dufay and Josquin des Prez.
Group 6 is the third last group in the periodic table.
Magadino is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Maggia is a municipality of the district Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
The Historikerstreit  was an intellectual and political controversy in West Germany about the way the Holocaust should be interpreted in history.
A jury is a group of people who decide whether a person is guilty or innocent of committing a crime.
441 Bathilde is a big Main belt asteroid.
442 Eichsfeldia is a big Main belt asteroid.
Pocahontas  was an Native American woman who married an Englishman, John Rolfe, and became a celebrity in London right before she died.
Develier is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
443 Photographica is a common Main belt asteroid.
Ederswiler is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
444 Gyptis is a very big Main belt asteroid.
Glovelier is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Mervelier is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
445 Edna is a big Main belt asteroid.
446 Aeternitas is a Main belt asteroid.
447 Valentine is a big Main belt asteroid.
448 Natalie is a common Main belt asteroid.
449 Hamburga is a big Main belt asteroid.
450 Brigitta is a common Main belt asteroid.
451 Patientia is an asteroid found in the main belt and with a diameter of 225 km is one of the bigger asteroids in the main belt.
452 Hamiltonia is an asteroid.
453 Tea is an S-type asteroid in the Flora family in the Main Belt.
454 Mathesis is an asteroid.
455 Bruchsalia is an asteroid.
456 Abnoba is an asteroid.
457 Alleghenia is an asteroid.
458 Hercynia is an asteroid.
459 Signe is an asteroid.
460 Scania is an asteroid.
461 Saskia is an asteroid.
462 Eriphyla is an Main belt asteroid.
463 Lola is an asteroid.
Prana is the vital air or breath of the human body in Hinduism.
Sanga Monastery is a small Buddhist monastery located in the vicinity of Lhasa, Tibet.
Satguru or Sadguru means "true guru".
A Physicist is a scientist who studies Physics.
The Western Roman Empire was the western half of the Roman Empire, from its division by Diocletian in 286; the other half of the Roman Empire became known as the Eastern Roman Empire, today widely known as the Byzantine Empire.
Ravenna is a city and "comune" in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy.
Social democracy grew out of the differences between communism and socialism.
464 Megaira is an asteroid.
The UEFA Cup is a tournament for teams that did not make the UEFA Champions League.
Charlottenburg was an independent city to the west of Berlin until 1920.
Magliaso is a municipality in the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Mairengo is a municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Malvaglia is a municipality of the district Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Manno is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Maroggia is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Massagno is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Medeglia is a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Melano is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Melide is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Wilmersdorf was a village near Berlin.
The Able Label was an independent record label from Brisbane, Australia.
"Goosebumps" is a collection of children's horror fiction books written by R.
Azuli Records is an independent record label, focusing on house music and other forms of electronic dance music.
The town of Carluke is situated in the centre of the Scottish countryside in South Lanarkshire, Scotland, 5.4 miles North-West of Lanark and 5 miles South-East of Wishaw.
The Marvel Universe  is a comic book fictional universe created by Marvel Comics.
Runaways is a Marvel Comics comic book series created by Brian K.
Kreuzberg, located south of Berlin-Mitte, was one of the best-known boroughs of Berlin, famous for its nightlife and its left-leaning electorate as well as its problems with crime the drug scene and a very high number of immigrants.
"Civil War" was a large comic book story created by Marvel Comics.
Brunstad Conference Center  is a conference centre in Stokke, Vestfold in Norway.
465 Alekto is an asteroid.
466 Tisiphone is an asteroid.
467 Laura is an asteroid.
468 Lina is an asteroid.
John Stig Claesson  was a Swedish writer and illustrator.
The Dagens Nyheter is a Swedish-language newspaper.
469 Argentina is an asteroid.
470 Kilia is an asteroid.
Chihuahua is a state in Mexico.
471 Papagena is an asteroid.
472 Roma is an asteroid.
473 Nolli is a medium-sized asteroid.
474 Prudentia is an asteroid.
475 Ocllo is an asteroid.
476 Hedwig is an asteroid.
477 Italia is an asteroid.
478 Tergeste is a main belt asteroid orbiting the Sun.
479 Caprera is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
480 Hansa is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
481 Emita is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
Emergency medical services in the United Kingdom are provided by one of the four National Health Services through local ambulance services, known in England and Wales as trusts.
482 Petrina is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
483 Seppina is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
Public Administration means government management, but today also non-governmental organizations that are not acting out of self-interest can be seen as public administrators..
European Space Agency or ESA is an international organisation with 18 member countries.
Management means directing and controlling a group of one or more people or an organization to reach a goal.
The Republic of Texas was a sovereign state in North America between the United States and Mexico that existed from 1836 to 1845.
The Nuremberg Military Tribunals are the follow up trials of war criminals held by the United States of America in Nuremberg.
The Anschluss   also known as the was the joining together of Austria and Germany in 1938.
Nestorianism is a movement within Christianity.
In Japan, Daikokuten , is one of the Seven Lucky Gods.
bacon town .
484 Pittsburghia is an asteroid that is in orbit around the sun 150 million miles from Earth.
A seesaw  is a long, narrow board which is fixed in the middle, a little way above the ground.
485 Genua is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
A swing is a hanging seat, usually found in a playground for children.
Playground slides are slides for children to play on in playgrounds.
486 Cremona is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
Antipsychotic drugs are used in the treatment of depression and mood swings.
EVE Online is a 2003 Space simulator science fiction MMORPG computer game.
487 Venetia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
488 Kreusa is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
489 Comacina is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
Kintarō  is a folk  hero from Japanese folklore.
490 Veritas is a big asteroid, which may have been involved in one of the more huge asteroid-asteroid collisions of the past 100 million years.
491 Carina is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
A cart is a vehicle with two wheels and usually pulled by one horse.
492 Gismonda is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
493 Griseldis is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
Lanark Grammar School is a medium sized secondary school in Lanark, South Lanarkshire which has over 1000 students.
Johannes Vermeer or Jan Vermeer  was a Dutch Baroque painter.
Dr Arthur Seyß-Inquart  was a prominent lawyer and later Nazi official in pre-Anschluß Austria, the Third Reich and in wartime Germany, Poland, and the Netherlands.
Women in Ancient Athens were treated very differently than they are today.
"Watership Down" is a novel written by Richard Adams.
Richard George Adams  is an author who is best known as the writer of three novels with animals as characters.
Mergoscia is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Meride is a municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Mezzovico-Vira is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Miglieglia is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Minusio is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Moleno is a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Monte Carasso is a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Exposure was a widely used method of getting rid of babies that parents didn't want.
Mark Daniel Ronson  is a music producer from London, England.
"Shardik" is a fantasy novel written by Richard Adams in 1974.
The Warsaw uprising of 1794  was a group Polish people who lived in Warsaw.
Vaiśravaṇa  or Vessavaṇa  is the name of the chief of the Four Heavenly Kings and an important person in Buddhism.
Fugazi were an American alternative rock band that became active in 1987.
Benzaiten  is the Japanese name of the goddess Saraswati.
There are two ways to measure GDP  of different countries and compare them.
GDP per capita is the GDP  of a country, divided by its population.
A domestic warren is a fake, enclosed establishment of animal husbandry that is used for the raising of domestic rabbits for meat and fur.
494 Virtus is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
495 Eulalia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
A burrow is a hole or tunnel that was dug into the ground by an animal to create a space that can be used for living or short time shelter.
A burrow is a hole made by an animal.
496 Gryphia is an S-type asteroid in the Flora family in the Main Belt.
497 Iva is a main-belt asteroid orbiting the Sun, not to be confused with 1627 Ivar.
498 Tokio is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
Sogyal Rinpoche is a Tibetan Dzogchen Lama of the Nyingma tradition.
Soma is a drink used in ancient India, in the  culture.
499 Venusia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
Tokyo Juliet  is a 2006 Taiwanese dramatic television series.
500 Selinur is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
"Left Hand Path" is a term used in occultism for one kind of spiritual path.
"This is a Chinese name.
501 Urhixidur is a fairly big  main belt asteroid.
Vamachara or Vama marga  are technical terms used for practices in tantra that are considered to be outside the usual Hindu social norms.
Magick is an old way to spell the word "magic".
A dolmen  is a type of single-chamber megalithic tomb.
Sichuan  is a province in western China with its capital at Chengdu.
Twice-Cooked Pork  "literally: "meat that has been returned to the wok" is probably the best-known Sichuan-style Chinese dish.
Joseph is a name from Hebrew language, written as יוֹסֵף.
John Dee  was a noted English mathematician, astronomer, astrologer, geographer, occultist, and consultant to Queen Elizabeth I.
Burrow is a hill in Shropshire with an Iron Age hill fort at the top that is known as Burrow Camp.
Roy Maurice Keane  was an Irish footballer.
A Marilyn is a mountain or hill in the British Isles  with a relative height of at least 150 metres .
A Munro is a Scottish mountain with a height over 3,000 feet .
In topography, prominence, also known as autonomous height, relative height or shoulder drop  or prime factor , is a concept that is used in the categorization of hills and mountains, also known as peaks.
A Jamaica coalition was the name given to a possible coalition government of Germany.
502 Sigune is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
The rainbow body in Buddhism is a body that is made of light, not flesh.
Dr Robert Anton Wilson  was a futurist thinker, libertarian, and writer.
Tārā or Ārya Tārā, also known as Jetsun Dolma in Tibetan, is a female Buddha linked with Buddhist tantra practice in Tibetan Buddhism.
In Hinduism, the Goddess Tara  meaning "star" is the second of the ten Mahavidyas or "Great Wisdoms", Tantric manifestations of Mahadevi, Kali or Parvati.
The theremin ,  is one of the earliest fully electronic musical instruments.
The terpsitone was an electronic musical instrument invented by Léon Theremin.
In Japan, Fukurokuju   is one of the Seven Lucky Gods.
Léon Theremin   was a Russian inventor.
"Chappelle's Show" was an American comedy television series starring comedian Dave Chappelle.
East Azarbaijan or East Azerbaijan  is one of the 30 provinces of Iran.
Clothing in Ancient Greece was usually made out of big rectangular pieces of cloth.
آذربایجان غربی "Āzarbāijān-e Gharbī"; Kurdish: "Azerbaycanî Rojawa"; Azeri: "Qərbi Azərbaycan") is one of the 30 provinces of Iran.
503 Evelyn is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
504 Cora is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
Yulia Volodymyrivna Tymoshenko   is a Ukrainian politician and current Prime Minister of Ukraine.
505 Cava is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
Samara Morgan is a fictional character from the movie "The Ring".
506 Marion is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
"The Ring" is a 2002 scary movie.
Naomi Watts  is an English-Australian actress.
Daveigh Elizabeth Chase  is an American actress and singer.
507 Laodica is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
508 Princetonia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
509 Iolanda is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
510 Mabella is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
The Eurofighter Typhoon is a jet fighter aircraft made by EADS, BAE Systems and Alenia Aeronautica with Eurofighter GmbH.
511 Davida is a big main belt asteroid.
512 Taurinensis is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
513 Centesima is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
514 Armida is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
The judiciary, that is, the judges and Courts of Germany are independent.
The Flag of Denmark, the "Dannebrog" is red with a white Scandinavian cross.
The Danish krone is the money used in Denmark.
The coat of arms of Denmark consists of three crowned blue lions with nine red hearts, all in a golden shield.
Monteggio is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Morbio Superiore is a municipality in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland in the hills above Chiasso.
"Der er et yndigt land"  is the national anthem of Denmark.
Morcote is a municipality of the district Lugano in the Swiss canton of Ticino.
Mosogno is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Muggio is a municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Muralto is a municipality of the district Locarno, in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Muzzano is a municipality of the district Lugano, in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.
The Yulia Tymoshenko Bloc  is a Ukrainian electoral alliance led by the politician Yulia Tymoshenko, current Prime Minister of Ukraine.
Robert Indiana  is an American artist.
Tom and Jerry in Fists of Furry is a fighting video game for the Nintendo 64 and PC based on classic cartoon series Tom & Jerry.
515 Athalia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
Avram Noam Chomsky  is an American linguist, philosopher, political activist, author, and lecturer.
Neggio is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Novaggio is a municipality of the district Lugano, in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.
Novazzano is a municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Olivone was a municipality of the district Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Onsernone is a municipality of the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
516 Amherstia was the 8th asteroid found by Raymond Smith Dugan, was found in 1903 and was named after Amherst College, his alma mater.
A barrack is a military building where soldiers live and sleep.
517 Edith is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
518 Halawe is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
519 Sylvania is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
520 Franziska is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
Jacob Obrecht  was a composer from the south Netherlands.
Antoine Busnois    was a French composer and poet of the early Renaissance Burgundian School.
"Assassin's Creed" is a video game published by Ubisoft for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 consoles.
A Confirmation is when a statement or a promise is made sure and agreed with once again before it is published to the public.
521 Brixia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
Mark William Calaway  is an American professional wrestler.
Sinologist is a person that study China, but he/she is not Chinese.
A Patriarch was the head of an extended family, originally.
An intellectual is one who tries to use his or her intellect to work, study, reflect, speculate, or ask and answer questions about a wide variety of different ideas.
522 Helga is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
523 Ada is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
This is an episode list for the Fox cartoon series "The Simpsons".
524 Fidelio is a big minor planet with a diameter of 71 km, orbiting the Sun near the center of the main asteroid belt.
Robosexuality is where a person is sexually attracted to machines such as robots.
Rye is a type of grass, usually grown as a grain or forage crop .
This is a list of topics about the natural environment.
A highly sensitive person  is a person who is very easily affected by things.
The Pixies are an American alternative rock band that have been active from 1986-1993, and 2004 to the present.
Dance-punk  is a music genre.
The LG KE850, also named The LG Prada Phone, is a mobile phone manufactured by LG Electronics and designed by Prada.
525 Adelaide is an S-type asteroid in the Flora family in the Main Belt.
"Cloverfield" is a 2008 movie about a giant monster that attacks New York City.
Tilly and the Wall is an indie pop group from Omaha, Nebraska.
Origlio is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Orselina is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Osco is a municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Osogna is a municipality of the district Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Palagnedra is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Lago di Palagnedra is a lake at Palagnedra, Ticino, Switzerland.
"Moulin Rouge!" is a 2001 Academy Award-winning musical movie directed by Baz Luhrmann.
Paradiso is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Lago d'Origlio is a lake in the municipality of Origlio, in Ticino, Switzerland.
Personico is a municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Pianezzo is a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Piazzogna is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Pollegio is a municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Ponte Capriasca is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Ponte Tresa is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Porza is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Prato Leventina  is a municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
526 Jena is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
527 Euryanthe is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
528 Rezia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
Pali is an old language.
529 Preziosa is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
530 Turandot is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
Han Chinese   is an ethnic group from China.
Motorola RAZR V3  is a thin clamshell cellular camera phone designed and made by Motorola.
Babi Yar is a ravine near Kiev in Ukraine.
Clea Helen D'Etienne DuVall  is an American film and television actress.
Ewan Gordon McGregor (born March 31 1971; is a Scottish actor who has had a lot of success in both mainstream and indie films.
Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew I (Greek: Οικουμενικός Πατριάρχης Βαρθολομαίος Α, Turkish: Patrik I.
"Taxi Driver" is a 1976 movie directed by Martin Scorsese.
Patriarch Alexius II  was the 15th Patriarch of Moscow and the primate of the Russian Orthodox Church.
"William Shakespeare's Romeo + Juliet" is an Academy Award nominated 1996 American movie adaptation of William Shakespeare's romantic tragedy "Romeo and Juliet".
Paul Stephen Rudd  is an American movie, television, and stage actor.
Epithelium is one of the four main types of tissue in the body of animals.
Tibetan Buddhism is the body of religious Buddhist teachings from Tibet.
The Berlinale, or "Berlin International Film Festival", is the world's leading film festivals held in Berlin, Germany.
531 Zerlina is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
Tokio Hotel is a German pop-rock band.
Music genres divide different kinds of music into groups.
The Toy Fox Terrier  is a small terrier breed of dogs.
The New York Mets are a baseball team who play in New York City, New York in Shea Stadium.
The bond market  is a financial market where people buy and sell debt securities, usually in the form of bonds.
Security means that one is protected against danger or loss.
Security is the sense of protection from hostile action.
Preonzo is a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Pura is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
532 Herculina " is a very big asteroid, with a diameter of around 225 km.
Duroplast is a resin plastic made up mixing formica and bakelite reinforced with fibres  or glass fibres.
"Will & Grace" is an Emmy winning comedy television show.
Ken Akamatsu  is a Japanese manga writer and artist.
William "Will" Truman is a character from Will & Grace.
Grace Elizabeth Adler is a character from Will & Grace played by Debra Messing.
Karen Delaney St.
Jack McFarland is a character from Will & Grace was played by Sean Hayes.
533 Sara is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
534 Nassovia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
535 Montague is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
A Pacific hurricane is a tropical cyclone that forms in the northeastern part of the Pacific Ocean.
"Plain English Campaign" Limited is a company based in the United Kingdom.
Kilakarai  is a panchayat town in Ramanathapuram district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Bart Simpson is a fictional character in "The Simpsons".
536 Merapi is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
537 Pauly is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
Vajrayana (Sanskrit: lit.
Alpha , is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to stand for the "a" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek.
Beta , is a letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the [b] sound in Ancient Greek and [v] in Modern Greek.
A Readability test is a way to measure a text for how easy it is to read.
Gamma , is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "g" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek.
Epsilon , is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "e" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek.
Digamma , is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "w" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek.
Tom Kaulitz  is Tokio Hotel's guitarist.
Stigma , is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "st" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek.
Zeta , is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "z" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek.
Eta , is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "e" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek.
Heta  is the letter of the Greek alphabet used to represent the "h" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek.
Theta , is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "th" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek.
Iota , is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "ee" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek.
Lambda , is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "l" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek.
Mu , is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "m" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek.
The first coat of arms of Haiti was created in 1807, and has appeared in its current form since 19816.
Nu , is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "n" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek.
The flag of Haiti was adopted on February 25, 1986.
Xi , is the 14th letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "x" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek.
Omicron , is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "o" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek.
Pi , is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "p" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek.
San , is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "s" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek.
Sho , is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "sh" sound in Bactrian.
Qoppa  was a letter of the Greek alphabet.
Rho , is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "r" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek.
Sigma , is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "s" sound in Ancient and Modern Greece.
Tau , is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "t" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek.
Upsilon , is the 20th letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "u" sound in Ancient Greek and "ee" in Modern Greek.
Phi , is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "ph" sound in Ancient.
Chi , is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "ch" sound  in Ancient and Modern Greek.
Psi , is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "ps" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek.
Omega , is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "o" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek.
Sampi , is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "s" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek.
The problem of alliteracy is the state of being able to read but being uninterested in doing so.
L'anse aux Meadows is a historical settlement on the island of Newfoundland.
"An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations" is better known simply as "The Wealth of Nations".
"La Dessalinienne"  is the national anthem of Haiti, honoring Jean-Jacques Dessalines.
Aixinjueluo Yuhuan   was a recent Chinese traditional artist in both traditional Chinese paintings and traditional Chinese music.
New Castle is a city in Henry County, Indiana, 44 miles  east of Indianapolis, on the Big Blue River.
Pop art is a type of art that was popular in the 1960s and 1950s.
The Museum of Modern Art  is a modern art museum in New York, New York, United States, on 53rd Street between Fifth and Sixth Avenues.
538 Friederike is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
539 Pamina is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
The Rankine scale is a thermodynamic  temperature scale.
Timpani  are drums made out of large bowls that are usually made of copper, over each of which is stretched a skin-like material, to make what is known as the "drumhead".
540 Rosamunde is an S-type asteroid in the Flora family in the Main Belt.
High fidelity or hi-fi is a way of describing a quality home music system.
Derby is a city in, and the county town of, Derbyshire in England.
Stereophonic sound, also simply called stereo, is the reproduction of sound using two or more audio loudspeakers.
Ely  is a cathedral city in the East Cambridgeshire district of Cambridgeshire in the east of England and north north-east of Cambridge.
Tube sound  is the sound produced by a vacuum tube-based audio amplifier.
Science and Mathematics.
Iota is the ninth letter of the Greek alphabet.
Omega is the last letter in the Greek alphabet.
Pi, or π, is the mathematical constant equal to a circle's circumference divided by its diameter.
Sound recording is the electrical or mechanical inscription and re-creation of sound waves, usually used for the voice or for music.
Theta is the eighth Greek letter, written "Θ"  or "θ" .
A Storage area network  is a solution from computing.
The rings of Saturn is the name of the rings around the planet Saturn.
Network attached storage  is a solution from computing.
A group of Native Americans decided to call the place where they live the Republic of Lakotah.
"Chanson" is the French word for "song".
A-type asteroids are fairly uncommon closer asteroids that have a strong, broad 1 µm olivine feature and a very reddish spectrum shortwards of 0.7 µm.
C-type asteroids are asteroids made of carbonates.
Marcus Aemilius Lepidus  was a Roman politician.
Chicago, Illinois is the third largest city in the United States of America.
Detention is a punishment that is used in most schools.
Lacrosse, invented by the Native Americans, is a popular team sport in North America and a national summer sport for Canada.
Steve Reich  is an American composer of music in the style of minimalism.
Heathcliff Andrew Ledger  was an Academy Award-nominated Australian actor.
In photography, exposure is used to mean two things.
The Metropolitan Borough of Bury is one of the ten Metropolitan boroughs in the metropolitan county of Greater Manchester.
Countries with articles using the Politics portal template format .
In Ancient Greece, a metic  was a foreigner living in a Greek city-state .
Democracy in Ancient Athens was very different from modern democracy.
Gucci, is an Italian fashion house .
A ghoul is a monster from ancient Arabian folklore.
"Most Haunted" is a British paranormal television program based on investigating possible paranormal activity.
"Most Haunted" is a British television programme based on a group of paranormal investigators  going and doing paranormal investigations of places.
Yvette Fielding  is an English television presenter.
Anarchopedia is an online encyclopedia.
The ASUS Eee PC is a very small laptop made by ASUS and Intel.
Tutsan  is a deciduous bushy Eurasian shrub with golden yellow flowers and fruits are red berries which turn black when fully ripe and are eaten and spread by birds.
The Telluride Bluegrass Festival is an annual music festival held in Telluride, a town in the state of Colorado.
The following is a list of all current champions in World Wrestling Entertainment , as of.
A non-governmental organization  is an organization which is created by private persons or organizations which are not part of the government.
The Complutense University of Madrid  is one of the oldest universities in the world and the top public university in Spain.
Hydro power is the power of moving water to control certain machines.
"See Opera  for the web browser." Opera is a drama set to music.
In 1974 the old county of Sussex was split into East Sussex and West Sussex.
Avon was a county in South west England.
Hereford and Worcester was a county in England set up after 1974.
Humberside was a non-metropolitan county of England.
David Michael Farrell , also known as Phoenix, is Linkin Park’s bassist and backup vocalist.
Audi AG is a German automobile manufacturer with headquarters in Ingolstadt, Bavaria, and has been an almost wholly owned  subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group since 1964.
Armani, is an Italian fashion house .
Debian-based.
Giorgio Armani  is an Italian fashion designer.
Calenzano is a "comune"  in the province of Florence in the Italian region Tuscany.
Silk tree Albizia julibrissin is a species of genus "Albizia" from southeast and east Asia, from east Iran to China and Korea.
"Corbin Bleu"  is an American actor and singer.
Lucas Grabeel  is an American actor, singer and songwriter.
A micrometre  is a unit of length in the SI measurement system.
541 Deborah is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
542 Susanna is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
543 Charlotte is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Trochenbrod or Trochinbrod in Russian  was a Jewish shtetl  with an area 1,728 acres once located in what is now western Ukraine, about 30 kilometers northeast of Lutsk.
Judith is a Christian women's given name, which comes from Hebrew word Yəhûḏîṯ, meaning either "praised one" or "a woman from Judea".
544 Jetta is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
545 Messalina is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
546 Herodias is a C-type asteroid orbiting in the Main belt near the Eunomia family.
547 Praxedis is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
548 Kressida is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Quinto is a municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Rancate is a municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Riva San Vitale is a municipality of the district Mendrisioin the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Rivera is a surname of Spanish beginnings that was the old spelling of "ribera", the Spanish word for “riverbank”.
Rivera is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Ronco sopra Ascona is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Rovio is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
San Nazzaro is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Sant`Abbondio is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Sant'Antonino is a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Sant'Antonio is a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Savosa is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Sementina is a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Semione is a municipality of the district Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Sessa is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Sigirino is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Sobrio is a municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Sonogno is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Sonvico is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Sorengo is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Lago di Muzzano is a lake in Ticino, Switzerland.
Nidfurn is a village and former municipality in the canton of Glarus, Switzerland.
Leuggelbach is a village in the canton of Glarus, Switzerland.
Agra is a village in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.
Gentilino is a village in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.
A Munro is any Scottish mountain with a height over 3,000 feet .
In Shakespeare's play "The Tempest", Miranda is the beautiful daughter of the old Duke Prospero.
A homograph is one of a group of words that have the same spelling but have different meanings.
Orlande de Lassus   was a Franco-Flemish composer who lived in the last part of the Renaissance.
Mons is a town in Belgium.
Hainaut  is a province in Belgium.
549 Jessonda is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
550 Senta is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
551 Ortrud is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
552 Sigelinde is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
553 Kundry is an S-type asteroid in the Flora family in the Main Belt.
554 Peraga is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
555 Norma is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Kannur is a district in the Kerala state of India.
The New Kingdom, also called the Egyptian Empire, is the period in ancient Egyptian history between .
The Moral Code of the Builder of Communism was a set of twelve rules.
Wario is a character from Nintendos popular video game series Mario.
Iconoclasm is a a word.
The United Church of God is a movement in Christianity.
The Jewish-Roman wars is the name given to a number of revolts of Jews in the Iudaea provive of the Roman Empire.
Triple-Zero  is the national hotline in Australia if someone has a emergency that is putting themselves at danger of being killed.
German districts  are administrative units used in Germany for local government.
This is a list of urban districts in Germany'".
Germany is divided into 429 administrative districts.
Mary I of Scotland, usually known as Mary, Queen of Scots , was Queen of Scots from 14 December 1542 until 24 July 1567, when she was forced to give up her kingdom.
This is a list of the administrative divisions of Germany.
Jack Fabian Peñate  is a British singer-songwriter and musician, of English and Spanish heratige, he is signed to XL Recordings, the record label.
Guillaume Dufay   was a Franco-Flemish composer and music theorist of the early Renaissance.
Upper Egypt is a narrow strip of land on both sides of the Nile that extends from modern-day Aswan to the area south of modern-day Cairo.
Brandenburg an der Havel is a town in the state of Brandenburg, Germany.
Earl Hooker  was an American blues guitarist.
556 Phyllis is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
The Roma people are a nomadic ethnic group found mainly in Eurasia, but also in the rest of the world.
Scrubland is plant community with scrub vegetation.
Lower Egypt is the fertile Nile Delta region, which stretches from the area between El-Aiyat and Zawyet Dahshur, south of modern-day Cairo, and the Mediterranean Sea.
Evelyn Barbirolli  was a famous oboist.
This is a list of cities in Germany with more than 100,000 inhabitants.
A "Regierungsbezirk" is a government region of Germany in some federal states .
Joseph Martin "Joschka" Fischer  was German foreign minister and Vice Chancellor in the government of Gerhard Schröder from 1998 to 2005.
557 Violetta is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
The Flora family of asteroids is a big group of S-type asteroids in the closer part of the main belt, whose origin and properties are not well understood right now.
558 Carmen is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
559 Nanon is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
The Tseax River Cone  is a cinder cone in British Columbia, Canada.
Mike Dirnt  is the bass guitar player from the punk rock band Green Day, he also sings back up vocals.
Tré Cool  is a German born American drummer for the punk band Green Day.
Plain White T's are an alternative rock band from Chicago.
Suharto  was an Indonesian military and political leader.
IG Farben , was a German conglomerate of companies formed in 1925- including BASF, AGFA and Hoechst- and even earlier during World War I.
Sukarno  was the first President of Indonesia.
The Cybele asteroids are a group of asteroids in the asteroid belt with an orbital radius usually between 3.27 AU and 3.7 AU, with an orbital eccentricity less than 0.3, and an inclination less than 25°.
Mettembert is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Montsevelier is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Movelier is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Pleigne is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Rebeuvelier is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Rossemaison is a municipality of the district of Delémont of the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Saulcy is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Soulce is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Soyhières is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Screamo is musical genre usually classified as a sound, which came from emo and hardcore punk, in the 1990's.
Comcast Corporation is the biggest cable television company, the second biggest Internet service provider and the fourth biggest telephone company in the United States.
Millions of people were arrested, tortured or murdered by the Nazis.
In geology, volcanology  is the study of volcanoes, lava, magma, and other related geology.
The Birmingham Small Arms Company  was a British company that started making guns in the 19th century.
The BSA Bantam is a small two-stroke motorcycle that was made by the Birmingham Small Arms company from 1949 to 1972.
Caló or Spanish Romani is a dialect spoken by the Gitans or Zincarli  that came from Spain.
Industrialization  is a process that happens in some societies.
The Falling Man is the title of a story about a photograph taken by Richard Drew at 9:41:15 a.m., on September 11, 2001.
United States.
560 Delila is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
561 Ingwelde is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
562 Salome is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
AboutUs.org is a wiki Internet domain directory.
Wasi Muhammad Qureshi  is the president of International Spiritual Movement Anjuman Serfaroshan-e-Islam.
The Nile Delta  is the delta formed in Northern Egypt  where the Nile River spreads out and drains into the Mediterranean Sea.
The lotus position  is a cross-legged sitting position which is common in meditative practices of Hinduism.
Polypropylene is a type of plastic.
Millau Viaduct is a large bridge in Millau, France, in the Département of Aveyron.
Shemale  is a person who appears to be female, and having both breasts and male sex organ.
563 Suleika is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
564 Dudu is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
565 Marbachia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
The Kaiser Wilhelm Gedächtniskirche or "The Protestant Emperor William Memorial Church" is a ruined church in Berlin.
Catherine Zeta-Jones  is an Academy Award-winning Welsh actress living in the United States.
John Bodkin Adams  was a British doctor, fraudster and suspected serial killer.
Alexander Andrew Kelly  is an Irish-American from Darien, Connecticut, who was convicted of rape in 1997.
"Dr.
Phillip Calvin McGraw , best known as Dr.
The Miss USA pageant is a beauty contest that has been held every year since 1952, with winners competing in the Miss Universe pageant.
Team rocket is a gang of thieves in the TV series Pokémon.
"The Wife of Bath's Prologue and Tale" is a story from the well known book "The Canterbury Tales".
566 Stereoskopia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
"Azureus Vuze"  is a Java-based BitTorrent used for file sharing.
Stabio is a municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Tegna is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Justin Tsin is a child author.
Tenero-Contra is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Torre was a municipality of the district Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Girolamo Savonarola ,was an Italian Dominican priest and leader of Florence from 1494 until his execution in 1498.
The common crepe mirtle was introduced in South Carolina by Andre Michaux.
Torricella-Taverne is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Tremona is a municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Valcolla is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Vergeletto is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Vernate is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Verscio is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Vezia is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Vico Morcote is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Villa Luganese is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Vira is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Vogorno is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Lago di Vogorno is a lake near Tenero, in Ticino, Switzerland.
Alt St.
567 Eleutheria is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
568 Cheruskia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
569 Misa is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Mika Pohjola  is a jazz pianist and composer.
Zug is a small town at the northeastern corner of Lake Zug.
BitTorrent is a peer-to-peer program developed by Bram Cohen and BitTorrent, Inc.
A BitTorrent client is a program that downloads files using the BitTorrent protocol.
The Bali Nine is the name given to nine Australian citizens arrested on April 17, 2005, in Denpasar on the island of Bali, Indonesia.
570 Kythera is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
571 Dulcinea is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
572 Rebekka is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
573 Recha is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
574 Reginhild is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
A eunuch is a castrated man.
The ANTARES Experiment is a telescope that is built at the bottom of the Mediterranean Sea.
The Cherenkov effect is an effect in physics discovered by Pavel Alekseyevich Čerenkov.
Complete list of 2,073 cities in Germany  Only municipalities with independent administration and that have the "Stadtrecht"  are included.
The foot-pound force , or simply foot-pound , is a unit of energy and also a unit of torque.
Aeschlen bei Oberdiessbach  is a municipality of the district Konolfingen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
The district of Büren is a district of the Swiss canton of Bern.
Budai  or Budai Luohan, pronounced Hotei in Japanese, also known as the "Laughing Buddha", is the person who might be the next Buddha after Gautama Buddha.
In Japan, Juroujin , also known as Gama, is one of the Seven Lucky Gods, according to Taoist beliefs.
In computer programming, source code is a text file version of a program that contains instructions to be understood by humans and a compiler program or a shell.
In each "Pokémon" video game, there are a number of legendary Pokémon.
Gilles Binchois , was a Franco-Flemish composer.
Ekans is a character in the anime and video game series called Pokémon.
Charmeleon is a character in the anime and video game series called Pokémon.
Squirtle is a character in the series, Pokémon, which has a TV show, games, and more.
John Dunstaple or Dunstable  was an English composer who lived in the last part of the medieval era and the early part of the Renaissance.
The equal sign, equals sign, or "=" is a mathematical symbol used to indicate equality.
The Crimean War , also called the Eastern War , was a war fought between Russia and France, the United Kingdom, the Kingdom of Sardinia and the Ottoman Empire on the other side.
Homophobia is the fear or poor treatment of homosexuals.
To tickle is to lightly scratch, touch, or rub someone or something to make them laugh.
The English Springer Spaniel is a dog breed used to help hunters get their animals.
Ottawa Hills is a village in Ohio, United States.
The Congo River  is the largest river in Western Central Africa.
Breast reduction is a plastic surgery to make human breasts smaller.
Bachelor of Arts is a college degree.
575 Renate is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
576 Emanuela is an asteroid orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
577 Rhea is a minor planet orbiting the sun in the asteroid belt.
578 Happelia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
579 Sidonia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
580 Selene is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Izanami is a goddess of both creation and death in Japanese mythology.
In computer engineering, computer architecture is the conceptual design and fundamental operational structure of a computer system.
Mary Scott Harrison McKee  was the first lady to her father, President Benjamin Harrison.
Zella-Mehlis is a town in the Schmalkalden Meinigen district, in Thuringia, Germany.
Port Said (Arabic بورسعيد, is an Egyptian city near the Suez Canal, with a population of about 500,000.
Food processing means the ways that are used to change raw ingredients into food so that they can be eaten by humans or animals.
Sixty is a number.
Seventy-two is a number.
The CN Tower is a communications and tourist tower in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Freiburg is a city in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Baden-Baden is a town in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Coburg is a town located on the Itz River in Bavaria, Germany.
Görlitz  is a town in Germany on the river Lusatian Neisse, in the "Bundesland"  of Saxony, opposite the Polish town of Zgorzelec.
Pewter City Gym is a gym in the Pokémon TV series and video games.
The visible spectrum  is the part of the electromagnetic spectrum that is visible to the human eye.
Lugia is a fictional Pokémon species from the "Pokémon" anime and video game series.
Ho-oh is a character in the Pokémon TV series and video games.
Aach is a small town in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.
Aach is a municipality in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.
Zapdos is a character from the Pokémon TV series and video games.
Moltres is a character from the Pokémon TV series and video games.
Joachimsthal is a town in the district of Barnim, in Brandenburg, Germany.
Pieter Brueghel the Elder (c.
Bad Tölz is a town in Bavaria, Germany, and capital of the district of Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen.
Christopher Maurice Brown , is an American pop and R&B singer, dancer, and actor.
Bernau bei Berlin  is a German city in the Barnim district.
Bad Reichenhall is a spa town, and capital of the Berchtesgadener Land district in Upper Bavaria, Germany.
Demmin  is a town in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.
The Red Army was the name of the army of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.
Nienburg is a town and capital of the district Nienburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany.
Querfurt a town in Saalekreis district  in the south of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany, situated in a fertile country on the Querne, west from Merseburg, on a branch line from Oberroblingen.
The Saab 35 Draken  is a fighter aircraft made by Saab.
Haiti is divided into 10 departments .
581 Tauntonia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Turquoise is an opaque, blueish-green mineral.
582 Olympia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Yotsuya Kaidan is one of the most famous Japanese ghoststory of all time.
Albrecht Dürer  was a German painter, engraver and mathematician.
583 Klotilde is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
584 Semiramis is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
El Greco  was a painter, sculptor, and architect of the Spanish Renaissance.
George Gordon Byron, 6th Baron Byron , is commonly known as Lord Byron.
The Greek War of Independence , also commonly known as the Greek Revolution, was a successful war by the Greeks who won independence for Greece from the Ottoman Empire.
Ronald Sinclair , born Richard Arthur Hould and sometimes called Ra Hould or Ron Sinclair, was a child actor from New Zealand, who became a film editor.
Affoltern im Emmental is a municipality of the district Trachselwald in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
Albligen  is a municipality of the district Schwarzenburg in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
Alchenstorf is a municipality of the district Burgdorf in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
Allmendingen bei Bern is a municipality of the district Konolfingen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
Amsoldingen is a municipality of the district Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
John Maynard Keynes, 1st Baron Keynes, CB  was a British economist whose ideas, called Keynesian economics, had a big impact on modern economic and political theory as well as on many governments' tax and economic policies.
The American Robin  is a migratory songbird of the thrush family, "Turdidae".
New Age music is a type of music which is often related to New Age belief.
Write Once Read Many  or WORM is a classification of computer storage media.
Charles-Marie Widor  was a French organist and composer.
Marcel Dupré , was a French organist, composer, and teacher.
Paul Hindemith , (born Hanau nr.
Louis Vierne  was a famous French organist and composer.
Jehan Alain  was a French organist and composer.
Shame is an emotion.
Moulin Rouge  is a traditional cabaret and nightclub which began in 1889.
Henri Matisse  was an artist from France.
Part of the AFI 100 Years...
Abu-Nuwas al-Hasan ben Hani al-Hakami , or Abū-Nuwās, was a great Arabic poet.
Montmartre is a hill 130 metres high and is also the name of the district which surrounds the hill.
Arnaut Danièl wrote and performed music and poetry in the 13th century.
Cabaret is a form of entertainment featuring comedy, song, dance, and theatre, caberets are mainly performed in a restaurant or nightclub with a stage for performances and the audience sitting at tables  watching the performance.
Fox Studios Australia is a major movie studio located in Sydney, Australia.
Thomas Aquinas,  was an Catholic priest from Italy.
Craig Pearce is an Australian actor and screenwriter.
Donald McAlpine is an Australian cinematographer.
Herbert Howells  was an English composer, organist, and teacher.
Jill Bilcock (b.
Ville Mönkkönen, born in 1983, is a Finnish painter and PC game programmer.
James Broadbent  is an Academy Award-, Golden Globe- and BAFTA-winning English theatre, movie and television actor.
John Leguizamo  is an Emmy Award-winning and Golden Globe-nominated Colombian/Puerto Rican American comedian, actor and producer.
A nut is a very dry seed or fruit of some plants.
Richard Roxburgh  is an Australian actor.
The speed of sound is per hour or per second in dry air.
"Notrium" is a freeware video game for the PC.
A phase is a set of states with the same make-up and properties, like density.
Sigfrid Karg-Elert  was a German composer.
Louis-Claude Daquin  was a French composer of Jewish birth.
John Bull  was an English composer, musician, and organ builder.
Poliomyelitis or polio is a serious virus that causes a disease.
A Dystopia is the opposite of a Utopia, and can mean a Utopia that has become corrupt.
Centre is one of the ten departments  of Haiti.
Burj Dubai or "Dubai Tower" is a very tall  skyscraper being built in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
The Aswan Dam or Aswan Low Dam is a dam on the Nile River.
"Billboard" is an American magazine that lists the top albums and singles of the week.
Thomas Anderson "Tom" Brosseau  is an American singer-songwriter and guitarist.
The Strokes are an American band formed in 1998.
The Henry Head bunker is found on the La Perouse side of the inlet to Botany Bay near the edge of a cliff that drops down into the ocean on Henry Head, La Perouse, New South Wales, Australia.
The Georges Head Fort is located on the Georges Head, in the suburb of Mosman in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
Virgin Records is a British record label.
Death Cab for Cutie  is an American indie band.
Dave Matthews Band  is a band from the United States.
585 Bilkis is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Fużūlī  was the pen name of the poet Muhammad bin Suleyman  (c.
Suleiman I  , was the tenth Sultan of the Ottoman Empire.
Kālidās , was the author of "Meghadoot", "Shākuntal", and other works in Sanskrit.
The water organ or hydraulic organ is a kind of pipe organ.
Pizza Hut is a pizza restaurant, or pizza parlor.
An intersection is where two or more roads come together.
586 Thekla is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
A chrysalis is the pupa of a butterfly.
Artibonite is one of the ten departments  of Haiti.
The word Bohemian was first used in Paris to mean a Gypsy because many people thought that Gypsies came from Bohemia.
Henry Willis  was a British builder of pipe organs.
A drug addiction is a form of craving, or strong want of something, that is impossible to control.
Aristide Cavaillé-Coll  was a French organ builder.
Gottfried Silbermann  was a very important German builder of keyboard instruments.
Gulf of Gonâve  is a large gulf along the western coast of Haiti, at.
Arp Schnitger  was a very important German builder of pipe organs.
Hello Kitty is a Japanese character of a cat.
Herman's Hermits were a rock band from England.
Grand'Anse is one of the ten departments  of Haiti.
Nippes is one of the ten departments  of Haiti.
Lara Veronin is a Russian-Taiwanese-American singer born on 2 May 1988.
587 Hypsipyle is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
"Super Girl" (; "lit.
In music a voluntary is a piece of music, usually for organ, which is played as part of a church service.
Aalen  is a town in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.
Bad Wörishofen is a spa town in the district Unterallgäu, Bavaria Germany.
The German word Burgermeister often spelled in english as "Burgomaster" or "Burgomeister" means "master of the citizens".
Area codes in Germany  for telephones have two to five digits, not counting the first zero.
German car number plates  show the place where the car carrying them is registered.
588 Achilles is an asteroid found on February 22, 1906 by the German astronomer Max Wolf.
589 Croatia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Mwai Kibaki  is currently the president of Kenya.
The Socialist International is a worldwide group of social democratic and the labour political parties.
ISO 3166-1 alpha-3 codes are three-letter country codes in the ISO 3166-1 standard to represent countries and dependent territories.
A bellows is something that blows air into a small opening in order to make something work.
Chi-Chi earthquake, also known as the 921 earthquake, was an earthquake in central Taiwan.
"Visibility" is a word used in meteorology.
Lothar Bisky  was the chairman of the Left Party.PDS, a socialist political party with its base in the east of Germany.
Louis-Nicolas Clérambault  was a French organist and composer.
A blizzard is a large winter storm.
Nord  is one of the ten departments  of Haiti.
Apache HTTP Server, also called Apache, is a web server notable for helping the growth of the World Wide Web.
Nord-Est  is one of the ten departments  of Haiti.
Samuel Wesley  was an English organist and composer Samuel Wesley was the son of Methodist hymn-writer Charles Wesley, the grandson of the poet Samuel Wesley and the nephew of John Wesley, the founder of the Methodist church.
Nord-Ouest  is one of the ten departments  of Haiti.
Apache is a name for a couple of some culturally related groups of Native Americans in the United States.
Samuel Sebastian Wesley  was an English organist and composer.
Quickborn is a town in the district of Pinneberg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Quickborn is a municipality in the district of Dithmarschen, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Iguana is a type of lizard that lives in tropical areas of Central and South America and the Caribbean.
"La bohème" is an opera by Giacomo Puccini.
"La traviata" is an opera in three acts and is written by Giuseppe Verdi.
"Dil Se" " is a 1998 Hindi movie.
Mani Ratnam   is a Tamil Indian film director, writer and producer.
Christopher Michael Fehn  is an American musician and Percussionist for the band Slipknot.
Brian Jacques  is an English author.
is a freeware video game released in 2004 for PC.
Courtney Michelle Love  is an American rock musician and Golden Globe-nominated actress.
Ouest  is one of the ten departments  of Haiti.
Sud  is one of the ten departments  of Haiti.
Sud-Est  is one of the ten departments  of Haiti.
Earth Angel is the name of a 1950s love song by the Penguins.
Xanten  is a historic town in the Wesel district of the North Rhine-Westphalia state of Germany.
John Lee Hooker  was an American blues singer, guitarist, and songwriter born in Coahoma County near Clarksdale, Mississippi.
Eddie James "Son" House, Jr.
"Mississippi" John Smith Hurt  was an American blues singer and guitarist.
A biopsy is a test in medicine where doctors remove cells and look at them closely under a microscope or do chemical analysis to see whether there is an illness.
Jacob Benjamin Gyllenhaal  is an Academy Award-nominated American actor.
Achern  is a city in Western Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Adelsheim is a small town in northern Baden-Württemberg, about 30 km north of Heilbronn.
Aichtal is a town in the district of Esslingen, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Albstadt is a city in the district of Zollernalbkreis in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Alpirsbach is a town in the district of Freudenstadt, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Altensteig is a town in the district of Calw of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Asperg is a town in the district of Ludwigsburg, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Aulendorf is a town in the district of Ravensburg, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
"Hannah Montana" is a 2006 Disney Channel television series.
Ruby is a type of precious stone.
Scramjet is an jet engine.
A pulse jet engine is a very simple form of the internal combustion engine where the combustion happens in pulses.
"Stronger" is a 2007 song by Kanye West.
590 Tomyris is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
591 Irmgard is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
592 Bathseba is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Good Eats is an American TV series shown by Food Network.
Fame is a song by David Bowie.
Chiyoda（Japanese:千代田区　ちよだく）is one of the 23 special wards of Tokyo.
The pianola , also called the player piano, is a piano which has a pneumatic mechanism so that it can play by itself.
A sewing machine is used to stitch fabric together with thread.
Jan Pieterszoon Sweelinck  was a Dutch composer and organist.
The Hundred Years' War was fought between France and England during the late Middle Ages.
Isabeau of Bavaria (c.
The cockroach is a type of insect that has many species and is often considered a pest to humans.
Anti-Armenianism is hostility toward or prejudice against Armenian people, Armenian culture and the Republic of Armenia, which can range in expression from individual hatred to institutionalized persecution.
The Istanbul Pogrom was a pogrom directed primarily against the Istanbul's Greek minority on September 6 and 7, 1955.
Murad Gumen is a Turkish American cartoonist, and animator.
"Gossip Girl" is an American television teen drama based on the popular novel series of the same name written by Cecily von Ziegesar.
Lene Alexandra Øien  is a Norwegian singer and model for FHM magazine, as well as for Norwegian lad's mags Lek and Cats.
Backnang is a town in Germany, in the Bundesland of Baden-Württemberg , northeast of Stuttgart.
Bad Buchau is a small town in the district of Biberach, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Bad Dürrheim is a town in the district of Schwarzwald-Baar, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Eevee is a character in the TV series Pokémon and the Pokémon games.
Bad Friedrichshall is a small town with about 18.000 inhabitants.
Postal codes in Germany,  (plural Postleitzahlen, have five numbers.
Blizzard Entertainment is an American video game maker and publisher.
9-9-9 or 999  is the emergency telephone number for the emergency services in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Bad Herrenalb is a small town in the district of Calw, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Bad Krozingen is a spa town in the district Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
593 Titania is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
The Blue Man Group is a band that was made in the 1980s.
Shane Brandon McMahon  is the son of the Chairman of World Wrestling Entertainment, Vince McMahon.
A plateau is an area of raised land that is flat on top.
Cervical cancer is cancer of the cervix or cervical area that can result in death.
A widow is a woman whose spouse has died.
Broccoli is a plant.
WWE Armageddon is a Pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment since 1999.
Hannah Murray  is an English actress.
Larissa Wilson  is an English actress.
The University of Toledo is a public university in Toledo, Ohio.
April Janet Pearson  is an English actress.
Pío Baroja y Nessi  was a Spanish writer.
Cassandra "Cassie" is a fictional character in the television series "Skins".
The Puppy Bowl is a show on Animal Planet that airs once each year before the Super Bowl.
"Animal Planet" is a television channel that is mainly about human and animal relationships.
Amberg is a town in Bavaria, Germany.
The Killers are an American rock band from Las Vegas, Nevada.
Sufjan Stevens   is an American singer-songwriter and musician from Petoskey, Michigan.
Greifswald is officially known as "Universitäts- und Hansestadt Greifswald", which means "University and Hanseatic Town of Greifswald". is a town in northeastern Germany.
Neubrandenburg  is a city in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Stal Mielec is a Polish football club from Mielec.
Britpop is a type of alternative rock that started in the United Kingdom.
594 Mireille is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
A list of red-light districts.
A red-light district is a place where prostitution is legal or seen with tolerance.
Panic at the Disco  is a rock band from Las Vegas, Nevada, USA.
"Pretty.
595 Polyxena is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
"Nine in the Afternoon" is the first single from the second album by Panic at the Disco, "Pretty.
596 Scheila is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
"A Fever You Can't Sweat Out" is the first album made by the rock band, Panic at the Disco.
Brendon Boyd Urie (b.
597 Bandusia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
George Ryan Ross III (b.
Brent Wilson is the former bassist for the rock band, Panic at the Disco.
"I Write Sins Not Tragedies" is the second single by the rock band Panic at the Disco, from their first album "A Fever You Can't Sweat Out" .
"Aesculus glabra" or Ohio buckeye is a type of tree.
"But It's Better If You Do" is the third single by Panic at the Disco, from their album "A Fever You Can't Sweat Out" .
"Lying Is the Most Fun a Girl Can Have Without Taking Her Clothes Off" is the fourth single by the rock band Panic at the Disco, from their album, "A Fever You Can't Sweat Out".
Jonathan Jacob Walker (b.
Spencer James Smith V  is the drummer for the rock band Panic at the Disco.
"Live Session EP" is an EP released by the rock band Panic at the Disco on June 13, 2006.
"The Only Difference Between Martyrdom and Suicide Is Press Coverage", also shortened to "The Only Difference" for radio plays and ease, is a song written by Ryan Ross for Panic at the Disco's debut, "A Fever You Can't Sweat Out".
"Build God, Then We'll Talk" is the fifth and last official single, written by Ryan Ross, from Panic at the Disco's 2005 album, "A Fever You Can't Sweat Out", including the radio-only single "The Only Difference Between Martyrdom and Suicide Is Press Coverage".
598 Octavia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
599 Luisa is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Fueled by Ramen is an independent record label started by John Janick and Vinnie Fiorello  in August of 1996 in Gainesville, Florida.
Decaydance Records is the vanity label of Pete Wentz, Patrick Stump  and Travis McCoy .
In the United States, the Recording Industry Association of America awards certification based on the number of albums and singles sold through retail and other secondary stores.
"Sound Tribe Sector Nine" is a United States band from Santa Cruz, California.
600 Musa is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Stralsund is a city in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany, situated at the southern coast of the Strelasund .
601 Nerthus is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
The hyper engine was a possible aircraft engine model that could produce 1 horsepower per cubic inch of engine displacement.
Autofeather is a feature of the engines on turboprop or piston engine aircraft.
The Argus As 014 was a pulse jet engine used on the German V-1 flying bomber of World War II.
Piston engines.
An inductor is an electrical device used in electrical circuits because of magnetic charge.
602 Marianna is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Charles IV , was the King of France and Navarre  and Count of Champagne from 1322 to his death.
Philip VI , called "the Fortunate" was King of France from 1328 to his death.
A financial endowment is money given to something to be saved in an investment.
603 Timandra is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
604 Tekmessa is a small planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
605 Juvisia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Lisa Marie Simpson is a character in the animated television series "The Simpsons".
Farida Mammadova  is an Azerbaijani historian who specialises in the history of ancient Caucasian Albania.
Al-Ibādhiyyah  is a form of Islam.
The or German Workers' Party , was a political party in Germany just after World War I.
Cary is the second largest city in Wake County, North Carolina, United States.
Cary, North Carolina .
The Sultan Ahmed Mosque is a mosque in Istanbul, Turkey.
Shah Mosque  is a mosque in Isfahan , Iran.
Löbau-Zittau  is a "Kreis"  in the east of the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
Apex is a town in the U.S.
The Niederschlesischer Oberlausitzkreis  is the easternmost "Kreis"  of the Free State of Saxony and Germany.
Luís Vaz de Camões (c.
Kamenz  is a Landkreis  in the north-east of the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
Emerald Isle is a small town on the coast of North Carolina, United States.
Theobromine is a chemical substance, also known as xantheose It is an alkaloid.
Black tea is a kind of tea.
Bautzen  is a district in the Free State of Saxony in Germany.
A gyrobus is a special bus which doesn't use a normal engine.
Decaffeination is a process.
Dresden is one of the three Regierungsbezirke of the Free State of Saxony, Germany, located in the south-east of the state.
Holly Springs is a small town in North Carolina, United States.
Gaustadt is a district of Bamberg.
In the United States, Super Tuesday commonly refers to the Tuesday in early February or March of a presidential election year when the greatest number of states hold primary elections to select delegates to national conventions at which each party's presidential candidates are officially nominated.
The Brauerei Kaiserom  is a brewery in Gaustadt, a quarter of Bamberg, Germany.
Cleveland is the name of a number of places around the world, and also some people.
Freiberg is a rural district in the Free State of Saxony, in the country of Germany.
Mulda is a municipality of the Freiberg Rural District, in Saxony, Germany.
Dorfchemnitz is a municipality of the Freiberg Rural District, in Saxony, Germany.
Jodie Louisa Marsh,  is an English glamour model and TV-personality.
Frankenstein is a municipality in the Freiberg Rural District, in Saxony, Germany.
Trashware is a computer system that was built using hardware from many other computer.
A yearbook is a book that students get when they graduate from school .
Mario Gomez  is a German footballer.
Tim Borowski  is a German footballer.
Marcell Jansen  is a German footballer.
Arne Friedrich  is a German footballer.
Oliver Neuville  is a German footballer.
Thomas Hitzlsberger  is a German footballer from the VfB Stuttgart.
Mike Hanke  is a German footballer.
Gerald Asamoah  is a German footballer.
Clemens Fritz  is a German footballer.
Simon Rolfes  is a German footballer.
Paul Freier  is a German footballer.
Jan Schlaudraff  is a German footballer.
Riesa-Großenhain is a district in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
The House of Valois was a younger branch of the Capetian dynasty that ruled France in the late Middle Ages and the Renaissance from 1328 to 1529.
The Salic law was a set of laws established by King Clovis I for the Salian Franks during the sixth century.
606 Brangäne is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Alizée Jacotey  is a French singer.
607 Jenny is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
608 Adolfine is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
609 Fulvia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
610 Valeska is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
"The Scarlet Letter" is a book by Nathaniel Hawthorne.
Uetersen  is a small city in the district of Pinneberg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
The New York City Subway is a rapid transit system that is in New York City, United States.
Fundamentalism is a term that can have different meanings.
Agostino Carracci  was an Italian painter and printmaker.
The Vogtlandkreis is a "Landkreis"  in the southwest of the Free State of Saxony, Germany, at the borders to Thuringia, Bavaria, and the Czech Republic.
Zwickauer Land is a Landkreis  in the south-west of the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
Chemnitzer Land is a district in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
611 Valeria is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Meißen is a district  in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
The Sächsische Schweiz  is a rural district  in the south of the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
The Weißeritzkreis is a district  in the south of the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
Sächsische Schweiz means "Saxon Switzerland" in english.
The "Epic of Gilgamesh" is an epic poem from ancient Mesopotamia and is one of the earliest works of literary fiction ever known.
The Sorbian languages are a Slavic branch of the Indo-European languages.
Bautzen, Upper Sorbian: Budyšin Lower Sorbian: "Budyšyn";) is a city in eastern Saxony, Germany, and capital of the Bautzen Rural District.
James "Jim" Root  is an American musician.
'Ghetto' derive from "getto", the Italian term for casting.
Extreme Championship Wrestling  is a professional wrestling brand of World Wrestling Entertainment , based on the independent Extreme Championship Wrestling promotion that lasted from 1992 to 2001.
For Jewish people YHWH is the most holy name of God, as written in the ancient Hebrew language.
Oriana Fallaci  was an Italian journalist, author, and political interviewer.
612 Veronika is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Solange Piaget Knowles-Smith  is an American actress and younger sister of Beyonce Knowles.
613 Ginevra is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
614 Pia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Jessie Redmon Fauset  was an American editor, poet, essayist and novelist.
Ruins are the parts of buildings that are left after they have been destroyed and cannot be properly used any more.
Annaberg is a district in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
615 Roswitha is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Golden Age is an expression  that people use when they are talking or writing about a time that is past, when everything seemed to be good.
616 Elly is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
617 Patroclus " is a binary minor planet made up of two similarly-sized objects orbiting their common centre of gravity.
Aue-Schwarzenberg is a rural district in the Free State of Saxony, in the country of Germany.
Delitzsch is a rural district in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
"Sweeney Todd, the Demon Barber of Fleet Street" is a Tony Award-winning musical with a book by Hugh Wheeler and music and lyrics by Stephen Sondheim.
WayOutWest also manage a number of bands and solo artists, such as the Cascade Mountain Boys.
McFly is a British pop rock band who first became famous in 2004.
The Maccabees are a English indie band based in Brighton.
Amy Linnéa Deasismont, known as Amy Diamond,  is a Swedish singer.
Marija Šerifović  is a singer who won the Eurovision Song Contest in 2007 with the ballad Molitva, which was sung in Serbian.
Boaz Mauda, born November 1, 1987 in Elyakim, Israel, is a singer and Pop Idol winner.
Rebeka Dremelj, born July 25,1980 in Brežice, Slovenia is a singer and a upcoming Eurovision Song Contest 2008 contestant.
Chemnitz is one of the three Regierungsbezirke of the Free State of Saxony, Germany, found in the south-west of the state.
inSuggest is a World Wide Web service, which gives suggestions based on users' taste and interest.
A prescription is a form given by a doctor to a patient in order to get special medicine, often very strong, that cannot be bought normally from a pharmacy.
Harold Shipman  was a British general practitioner  and serial killer.
A clinic is a medical facility that gives health care for patients in an area.
Döbeln is a district in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
Leipzig is one of the three Regierungsbezirke of the Free State of Saxony, Germany, located in the north-west of the country.
Fra Angelico (c.
618 Elfriede is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
The Milwaukee Brewers are a Major League Baseball team in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
619 Triberga is a main belt asteroid.
620 Drakonia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Giorgio Vasari, , was an Italian painter, architect and writer.
Dziecinów is a village in Poland in Masovia voivodship.
621 Werdandi is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
622 Esther is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
623 Chimaera is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Leipziger Land is a district in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
The Muldentalkreis is a district in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
Torgau-Oschatz is a rural district  in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
There are many places called Geneva, including .
Geneva is a city in Switzerland.
In Germany, an Amt, or Samtgemeinde, or Verbandsgemeinde, or Verwaltungsgemeinschaft is a collection of towns or municipalities in a rural district.
The Mittlerer Erzgebirgskreis is a district in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
Stollberg Rural District is a district in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
Stollberg is a town in the Free State of Saxony, and capital of the Stollberg Rural District.
Mittweida  is a district in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
Mittweida  is a town in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
The canton of Zürich has a population of about 1.2 million people.
Affoltern is one of the twelve districts of the German-speaking canton of Zürich, Switzerland.
Andelfingen is one of the twelve districts of the German-speaking canton of Zürich, Switzerland.
Bülach is one of 12 districts of the Canton of Zürich in Switzerland, with about 117,000 inhabitants make it the third largest in the canton.
Dielsdorf is a district in the northwestern part of the Swiss canton of Zürich.
Dietikon is a district of the Swiss canton of Zürich.
Hinwil is one of the twelve districts of the German-speaking canton of Zurich, Switzerland.
Horgen is a district of the Swiss canton of Zürich.
Meilen is one of the twelve districts of the German-speaking canton of Zurich, Switzerland.
Freiberg (i.e.
Pfäffikon is one of the twelve districts of the German-speaking canton of Zürich, Switzerland.
Uster is one of the twelve districts of the canton of Zürich, Switzerland.
Winterthur is one of the twelve districts of the German-speaking canton of Zürich, Switzerland.
Adlikon bei Andelfingen is a municipality of the district Andelfingen in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.
"My Story" is a series of books by many different writers.
Yair Auron  is an Israeli historian, scholar and expert specializing on Holocaust and Genocide studies, racism and contemporary Jewry.
Gniezno  is a town in central-western Poland, some 50 km east of Poznań, inhabited by about 70,000 people.
Gravitation is the theory that all objects that have mass try to move toward each other.
On other tracks  the trains keep going after Peterborough, through March and Ely to Thetford and Norwich or Wendens Ambo  and Stansted Airport.
"From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs.
Citizenship of the European Union was started by the Maastricht Treaty signed in 1992.
Messiah is an oratorio by George Frideric Handel.
"Major General" John Joseph Murray DSO & Bar, MC  was an Australian Army Officer and businessman with a special role in both world wars.
Dippoldiswalde is a town in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
Großenhain is the capital of the Riesa-Großenhain Rural District, Saxony, Germany.
Meißen  is a town of about 30,000 near Dresden on both banks of the Elbe in the Free State of Saxony, in eastern Germany.
"The Best Damn Thing" is an album and hit song by musical artist Avril Lavigne.
"The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants" is a series of book by Ann Brashares.
"Complicated" was the first and perhaps the most popular song sung by Avril Lavigne.
A navel piercing is type of piercing to the bellybutton.
The Brazilian Flag is the flag of Brazil.
"From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs.
624 Hektor is the biggest of the Jovian Trojan asteroids.
The Golden Horse Film Festival and Awards or simply Golden Horse, also known as 臺北金馬影展 in the People's Republic of China, is a film festival and awards ceremony held annually in Taiwan.
The Golden Melody Awards  or sometimes shorted to just Golden Melody are music awards annually presented in Taiwan..
Ella Koon, real name Ianna Koon, is a Chinese singer, actress and model.
"Survivor's Law II" is a Chinese TV drama series.
"Ellacadabra" is the second album and first compilation album by Chinese pop-rock singer Ella Koon under the record label Boombeat.
Younha , born 29 April 1988 in Seoul, Korea, is a Korean pop singer.
The word Benedictine usually refers to a follower of the Order of Saint Benedict.
The word Franciscan is used to refer to a follower of one of the religious orders that follow the Rule of St Francis.
The term Cistercian is used to refer to a follower of Roman Catholic religious order.
Langston Hughes  was a famous American poet, novelist, playwright and short story writer.
Image:WorldMapLongLat-eq-circles-tropics-non.png|thumb|440px|Map of Earth showing lines of latitude  and longitude , Eckert VI projection; A Geographical Coordinate System is a Coordinate system.
Altmarkkreis Salzwedel is a district in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
Sankt Pauli (or St.
Anhalt-Bitterfeld is a district in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
The Reeperbahn is the central street in the district St.Pauli in Hamburg.
Börde is a district in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
In zoology , a scale is a small, hard plate that grows out of an animal's skin to give it protection.
Scales are used to measure the weight of an item.
Burgenlandkreis is a district in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
Harz is a rural district in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
Jerichower Land is a district  in the north-east of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
Mansfeld-Südharz is a district in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
Saalekreis is a district in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
Salzland is a district in the middle of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany..
Stendal  is a district  in the north-east of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
Wittenberg is a district  in the east of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
STS-122 is the name of the 121st flight of the Space Shuttle, taking seven people into outer space to visit the International Space Station.
"Silverwing" is a best-selling novel, written by Kenneth Oppel, published in 1997 by Simon & Schuster It tells the story of a group of silverwing bats.
A drive-thru  is for quick service, generally at restaurants.
The Space Shuttle "Columbia" was a spacecraft used by NASA to fly into outer space.
MADtv is television show aired on late night FOX.
Atlas V is a type of rocket used by a company called United Launch Alliance to place satellites into orbit.
Barnim is a district in Brandenburg, Germany.
Dahme-Spreewald is a district in Brandenburg, Germany.
Elbe-Elster is a "Kreis"  in the southern part of Brandenburg, Germany.
Jennifer Kate Hudson  is an Academy Award-winning American actress and singer.
Heinrich Sutermeister  was a Swiss composer.
Jean Baptiste Joseph Fourier  was a French mathematician and physicist who is best known for starting the investigation of Fourier series and their use to problems of heat flow.
A file server is a computer joined to a web network or to a home network, and that can host many files in the hard disk.
Adliswil is a municipality of the district Horgen in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.
Aesch is a municipality of the district Dietikon in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.
Aeugst am Albis is a municipality of the district Affoltern in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.
Affoltern am Albis is a municipality of the district Affoltern in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.
625 Xenia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Gino Severini , was an Italian painter.
Impressionism was a style of art that started in the 1800s.
The New York Jets are an American football team.
This is a list of cities in Ontario.
Ouida was the pen name of the English writer Maria Louise Ramé .
Théodore Géricault  was an important French painter, known for "The Raft of the Medusa" and other paintings.
Giada Pamela De Laurentiis is an Italian-American chef and host for Food Network TV shows.
Brampton is a city in Ontario, Canada.
626 Notburga is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
627 Charis is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
628 Christine is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
629 Bernardina is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Space Shuttle "Challenger" was a spaceship used by NASA to fly into outer space.
New Horizons is a spacecraft flying to the dwarf planet Pluto.
Simlish is a made-up language spoken on the console game "The Sims" and "The Sims 2".
Antonio Tejero Molina  was a Lieutenant Colonel in the Civil Guard .
Conanthera is a genus of 3-4 species of small Chilean bulbous plants with small panicles of blue, purple or white and purple flowers.
Fátima  is a city in Portugal.
A Bodyguard is a security guard who physically protects a person against injury.
Mehmet Ali Ağca  is a Turkish assassin.
A bayonet  is a knife- or dagger-shaped weapon.
Marcel-François Lefebvre , better known as Archbishop Marcel Lefebvre, was a French Roman Catholic bishop.
The Second Ecumenical Council of the Vatican, or Vatican II, was the twenty-first Ecumenical Council of the Roman Catholic Church.
Veronica Guerin  was an Irish journalist who was murdered in 1996 by Irish drug dealers.
The Grand Mosque of Damascus, also known as the "Ummayad Mosque (Arabic: جامع بني أمية الكبير, transl.
The Orthodox Church of Alexandria  is one of the Eastern Orthodox Churches.
Lourdes  is a town and commune in the southwest of the Hautes-Pyrénées department.
A palindromical prime number is a prime number that reads the same when reversed.
A shrine was a container, usually made of gold or silver and was used to keep relics in.
An embargo is when a government starts a trade blockade on a country or a certain part of a country.
The Supreme Governor of the Church of England is a title which British Kings have to show their leadership over the Church of England.
Havelland is a district in Brandenburg, Germany.
Knock  Mary") is a small town in County Mayo in Ireland.
Licheń Stary is a village.
Märkisch-Oderland is a "Kreis"  in the eastern part of Brandenburg, Germany.
Oberhavel is a "Kreis"  in the northern part of Brandenburg, Germany.
Oberspreewald-Lausitz is a "Kreis"  in the southern part of Brandenburg, Germany.
The Eastern Orthodox Pope and Patriarch of Alexandria and all Africa is the head of the Greek Orthodox Church of Alexandria.
Oder-Spree is a "Kreis"  in the eastern part of Brandenburg, Germany.
Cockburn Island is an island in the Canadian province of Ontario, found in the Manitoulin District.
Ostprignitz-Ruppin is a "Kreis"  in the northwestern part of Brandenburg, Germany.
Thomas Morley  was an English composer, music theorist and organist.
Hans Sebald Beham  was a German printmaker who did his best work as an engraver.
Potsdam-Mittelmark is a "Kreis"  in the western part of Brandenburg, Germany.
Skinny Jeans are a style of denim jeans that have straight legs and tend to crumple around the ankles.
John Wilbye , , was an English composer who was famous for his madrigals.
Prignitz  is a "Kreis"  in the northwestern part of Brandenburg, Germany.
Spree-Neiße is a "Kreis"  in the southern part of Brandenburg, Germany.
"Kharijites" were a movement during the early years of Islam.
Thomas Weelkes  was an English composer and organist.
Teltow-Fläming is a "Kreis"  in the southwestern part of Brandenburg, Germany.
Uckermark is a "Kreis"  in the northeastern part of Brandenburg, Germany.
630 Euphemia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
A black knight is a soldier or knight who either is not in service to a certain liege or does not want his liege, or himself, to be known and so does not have any heraldic standards or has painted them over with black paint.
A Black Knight is a knight who doesn't serve a lord.
A paladin or paladine was a person with a lot of power in many countries during the medieval and in early modern Europe.
The IC50 is a measure of how effective a drug is.
631 Philippina is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Soghomon Gevorki Soghomonyan - Komitas Vardapet , by Western Armenian transliteration also "Gomidas Vartabed" , was an Armenian priest, composer, choir leader, singer, music ethnologist, music pedagogue and musicologist, known as the founder of modern Armenian classical music.
632 Pyrrha is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
633 Zelima is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Oberägeri is a municipality in the canton of Zug in Switzerland.
Unterägeri is a municipality in the canton of Zug in Switzerland.
Menzingen is a municipality in the canton of Zug in Switzerland.
Baar is a municipality in the canton of Zug in Switzerland.
Cham is a municipality in the canton of Zug in Switzerland.
Hünenberg is a municipality in the canton of Zug in Switzerland.
Steinhausen is a municipality in the canton of Zug in Switzerland.
634 Ute is a minor planet orbiting the sun in the asteroid belt.
Risch-Rotkreuz is a municipality in the canton of Zug in Switzerland.
Walchwil is a municipality in the canton of Zug in Switzerland.
Neuheim is a municipality in the canton of Zug in Switzerland.
635 Vundtia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Women's Rights is a movement and action of feminism, where women believe they rightfully deserve what men have.
Solothurn is a canton of Switzerland.
A pickup truck is a type of automobile that can move things.
The Kennedy Space Center is on Cape Canaveral in Florida, USA.
636 Erika is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
The Bradleys Head Fort is located not to far from Toronga Park Zoo.
637 Chrysothemis is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
638 Moira is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
639 Latona is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Arnsberg is one of the five Regierungsbezirke of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, located in the south-east of the country.
Altdorf is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in northern Switzerland.
Bargen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.
Undervelier is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Schaffhausen is a canton of Switzerland.
Vellerat is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Vermes is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
The Rhine Falls, called the Rheinfall in Switzerland, are the biggest waterfalls of Europe.
Beggingen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.
Beringen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.
Bibern is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.
Vicques is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Le Bémont is a municipality of the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Raisin bread is bread that has raisins in it.
Robert Dyas is a large United Kingdom company.
Buch is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.
Buchberg is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.
Cologne Government Region is one of the five governmental districts of the German Federal State of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Büttenhardt is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.
Dörflingen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.
Gächlingen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.
Guntmadingen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.
Hallau is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.
Hemishofen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.
Hemmental is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.
Hofen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.
Lohn is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.
Löhningen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.
Detmold  is one of the five Regierungsbezirke of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, located in the north-east of the state.
Merishausen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.
Neuhausen am Rheinfall is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.
Neunkirch is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.
Oberhallau is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.
Opfertshofen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.
Ramsen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in northern Switzerland.
Rüdlingen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.
Düsseldorf is one of the five Regierungsbezirke of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, located in the north-west of the country.
Schleitheim is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.
Siblingen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.
Stein am Rhein is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.
Stetten is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.
Thayngen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.
Trasadingen is a municipality of the canton Schaffhausen in Switzerland.
Wilchingen is a municipality of the canton Schaffhausen in Switzerland.
112  is an American R&B quartet that came from Atlanta, Georgia.
Bucheggberg is one of the 10 districts of the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland, found in the southwest of the canton.
Dorneck is one of the 10 districts of the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland, found in the north of the canton.
Gäu is one of the 10 districts of the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland, found in the center of the canton.
Gösgen is one of the 10 districts of the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland, found in the northeast of the canton.
Snap! is an electronic music grup created by German producers Michael Münzing and Luca Anzilotti.
Boney M.
Münster is one of the five "Regierungsbezirke" of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, located in the north of the state.
Caffè Nero  or Caffè Nero Group Plc is a British coffee shop chain.
Costa Coffee is a coffee house company in the United Kingdom.
Yves Ternon  is a French historian specializing on historical research of the Jewish Holocaust and the Armenian Genocide.
Dr.
Professor Vahakn N.
David Lynn Selby  is an American actor, mostly in movies, soap operas and on television.
Publius Ovidius Naso.
Lebern is one of the 10 districts of the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland, found in the west of the canton.
Olten is one of the 10 districts of the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland, found by the city of Olten.
Thal is one of the 10 districts of the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland, found in the center of the canton.
Thierstein is one of the 10 districts of the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland, found in the north of the canton.
Wasseramt is one of the 10 districts of the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland, found in the south of the canton.
Waterboarding is a procedure that has been used to make people confess.
Aedermannsdorf is a municipality of the district of district Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Aeschi is a municipality of the district of Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Burgäschisee is a lake by Aeschi in Switzerland, on the border of the cantons of Berne and Solothurn.
Aetigkofen is a municipality in the district Bucheggberg in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Aetingen is a municipality in the district Bucheggberg in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Balm bei Günsberg is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Balsthal is a municipality in the district Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Beinwil is a municipality in the district Thierstein in Canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Bellach is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Bettlach is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Biberist is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Biezwil is a municipality in the district Bucheggberg, in the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland.
Bolken is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Boningen is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
The Thousand Islands Bridge is an international bridge that goes over the Saint Lawrence River.
The Siege of Orleans  was an important event in the Hundred Years' War between France and England.
The Battle of Agincourt was fought on 15 October 1415 and was a major win for England against France in the Hundred Years' War.
Charles V , called the Wise, was King of France from 1364 to his death and a member of the House of Valois.
Émile Zola   was a major French writer and the most important naturalist writer.
The Capetian Dynasty includes any of the direct descendants of Hugh Capet of France.
Charles the Bald  was King "Charles II" of France  and also "Charles II" of the Holy Roman Empire  and King of West Francia .
Louis the Stammerer , was the oldest son of Charles the Bald and Ermentrude of Orléans.
Gabdulla Tukay  was a Tatar poet, a classic of the Tatar literature, a critic and a publicist.
"Metropolis" is a silent science fiction movie created by the famed Austrian-German director Fritz Lang.
A mathematical proof is a way to show that a math theorem is true.
"The Wicker Man" is a classic cult 1973 British movie.
640 Brambilla is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Ushuaia is the city capital of the Argentine province of Tierra del Fuego.
Puerto Iguazú is a city in the province of Misiones, Argentina.
La Plata is a capital city of the Buenos Aires province, Argentina.
Mendoza is the capital city of the Mendoza Province in Argentina.
Córdoba is a Province of Argentina.
Cristina Elisabet Fernández de Kirchner , also called Cristina Fernàndez or Cristina Kirchner, is the current President of Argentina.
Río Cuarto is a city located in the center of Argentina.
Salta is a city located in the norte of Argentina.
This is a list of Argentine football teams.
Club Atlético River Plate is one of the most important football teams in Argentina.
The national flag of Argentina was created in 1812 by Manuel Belgrano.
José de San Martín  was an Argentine military commander.
Tandil is a city of the Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.
Bahía Blanca is a city of the Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.
San Carlos de Bariloche is a city of Argentina in the Río Negro Province.
"Reservoir Dogs" is a 1992 movie.
Aconcagua is the highest mountain in America.
Bad Doberan is a district in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.
Demmin  is a district in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.
641 Agnes is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Güstrow  is a district in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.
Ludwigslust is a "Kreis"  in the southwest of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.
Mecklenburg-Strelitz is a "Kreis"  in the southern part of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.
Sir Alec Guinness CH, CBE  was an Academy Award winning English actor.
Müritz is a "Kreis"  in the southern part of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.
Nordvorpommern  is a "Kreis"  in the northern part of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Nordwestmecklenburg  is a "Kreis"  in the north-western part of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Ostvorpommern is a "Kreis"  in the eastern part of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Parchim is a "Kreis"  in the southwestern part of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.
Francis Colburn Adams was an American writer, who used to live in Charleston, South Carolina.
Calvin Baker is an American writer.
Annie Payson Call  was an American writer.
A variety show is a television show that features a variety of performing acts.
Steve Jablonsky  is an American music composer for movies, television and video games.
Breitenbach is a municipality in the district of Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Brunnenthal is a municipality in the district of Bucheggberg, in the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland.
Brügglen is a municipality in the district of Bucheggberg, in the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland.
Rügen is a "Kreis"  in the northeastern part of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Bärschwil is a municipality in the district of Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Uecker-Randow is a "Kreis"  in the eastern part of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.
The or "Victory Column" is a famous sight in Berlin.
The Ennepe-Ruhr-Kreis is a district in the middle of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Gevelsberg is a town in the district of Ennepe-Ruhr Rural District the state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Physical Education is a physical subject, that is taught in school.
Islam Abduganievitj Karimov born january 30, 1938 in Samarkand is the current president of Uzbekistan.
Weekly Shonen Jump is a Teen, manga magazine made by Shueisha.
Church music is music that is intended to be part of Christian worship in churches, chapels, cathedrals or anywhere Christians meet to worship.
Independencia  is a Dominican province, located in the western part of the country, on the border with Haiti.
Psychedelic music is a word talking about many different music styles and genres, such as psychedelic rock, psychedelic folk, psychedelic pop, psychedelic soul, psychedelic ambient, psychedelic trance, psychedelic techno, and others.
642 Clara is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Paraná is the capital city of the Entre Ríos Province, Argentina.
Chubut is a Province of Argentina, located in the region called Patagonia.
Comodoro Rivadavia is the largest city of the Chubut Province, Argentina.
San Miguel de Tucumán is the capital city of the Tucumán Province, Argentina.
Club Penguin is an online social children's game.
Wikio is a European search engine developed by Kelkoo.
Sky News is a news broadcasting station in the United Kingdom.
IZArc is a file archiver for Microsoft Windows developed by Bulgarian programmer Ivan Zahariev.
Digital Divide is the name of the gap, in a branch of technology, between parts of the world where technologies as internet, mobile phones, computers, wi-fi there are, and the parts of the world where there aren't.
Dreamweaver is a computer program that is used to make web pages.
Michael Andrew Bridge Morpurgo OBE  is a British writer.
The district of Aachen  is a Kreis  in the west of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
643 Scheherezade is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Borken is a "Landkreis"  in the northwestern part of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Coesfeld  is a "Kreis"  in the northwestern part of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, west of the city of Münster.
Düren is a Kreis  in the west of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Euskirchen is a Kreis  in the south-west of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Gütersloh  is a Kreis  in the north-east of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Heinsberg is a Kreis  in the west of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
A decibel or dB measures power or intensity.
Alfredo Panzini  was an Italian novelist, or book writer.
Bättwil is a municipality in the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Büren is a municipality in the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Büsserach is a municipality in the district Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Deitingen is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Derendingen is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Kochan is a village in southwestern Bulgaria.
Dornach is a municipality in the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Dulliken is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Däniken is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Egerkingen is a municipality in the district Gäu in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Eppenberg-Wöschnau is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Erlinsbach is a municipality in the district Gösgen in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Erschwil is a municipality in the district Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Etziken is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Fehren is a municipality in the district Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Flumenthal is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Fulenbach is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Gempen is a municipality in the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
General Educational Development  is an optional test that can be taken instead of finishing high school in the United States and Canada.
Górnik Zabrze is one of the most successful Polish football clubs, based in Zabrze, Poland.
Gerlafingen is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Grenchen is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Gretzenbach is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Herford  is a "Kreis"  in the northeastern part of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Grindel is a municipality in the district Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Gunzgen is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Hochsauerland is a Landkreis  in the east of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Höxter  is a Kreis  in the east of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Kleve Rural District or Kreis Kleve local-government district in northwestern North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
"Duck Hunt" is a video game for the Nintendo Entertainment System  game system.
Pack-in games are video games that come with a game system.
Lippe  is a "Kreis"  in the east of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
"Hybrid Theory" is the first studio album by Linkin Park.
"Hybrid Theory EP" is an EP by the American nu metal/alternative rock band Linkin Park that was recorded and released in 1999.
San José de Ocoa is a Dominican province; it is located on the southern side of the Cordillera Central.
A compilation album is an album of songs, made by different recording artists, or by one group or artist at different times.
644 Cosima is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
645 Agrippina is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
646 Kastalia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
"The Land Before Time" is a movie series that was started in 1988 by a Don Bluth movie with the same name.
BSC Young Boys  is a Swiss football football club of the Swiss capital, Berne.
South India is the area in the south part of India.
Adobe is an American software company.
647 Adelgunde is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
648 Pippa is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
649 Josefa is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
650 Amalasuntha is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
There have been two different presidents of the United States that are both named George Bush.
The Märkischer Kreis is a district  in central North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Mettmann is a Kreis  in the middle of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Minden-Lübbecke is a "Kreis"  in the northeastern part of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
The Oberbergische Kreis is a Landkreis  in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Olpe is a Kreis  in the south-east of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Paderborn  is a Kreis  in the east of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Recklinghausen  is a "Kreis"  in the middle of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
The Rheinisch-Bergische Kreis is a Kreis  in the middle of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
The Rhein-Erft-Kreis is a district in the west of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Neuss is a Kreis  in the west of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
"The Gong Show" is an American television game show, that was produced in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
The Rhein-Sieg-Kreis is a Kreis  in the south of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
The table below shows all provinces of Peru.
Gänsbrunnen is a municipality in the district Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Günsberg is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Halten is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Herbetswil is a municipality in the district Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Hochwald is a municipality in the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Chuck Barris  is an American, best known as the creator of many popular television game shows.
Chachapoyas is a province of Amazonas Region, Peru.
Cusco Province is the smallest of thirteen provinces in the Cusco Region in southern Peru.
Hofstetten-Flüh is a municipality in the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Hubersdorf is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Hägendorf is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Härkingen is a municipality in the district Gäu in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Kappel is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Kestenholz is a municipality in the district Gäu in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
"Star Search" is an American television game show, hosted by Ed McMahon.
Kleinlützel is a municipality in the district Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Kriegstetten is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Siegen-Wittgenstein is a landkreis  in the southeast of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Soest  is a Kreis  in the middle of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Steinfurt is a "Kreis"  in the northern part of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
The Unna  district is a Kreis  in central North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Viersen is a Kreis  in the west of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Windows Update is a feature found in Microsoft Windows  that lets the user update their copy of windows.
Warendorf is a "Kreis"  in the northern part of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Windows Defender, which used to be called Microsoft AntiSpyware, is a application made by Microsoft.
Wesel  is a "Kreis"  in the northwestern part of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Fearow is a pokémon and is the evolved form of Spearow.
Xi'an is a city in China and the capital of the Shaanxi Province.
Pichu is the pre-evolved form of Pikachu in the "Pokémon" series.
Spearow is a bird Pokémon.
Geodude is a rock-type Pokémon.
Onix is a rock snake Pokémon.
Mankey is a pig monkey.
Arthritis is a group of diseases that involves damaged body joints.
Primeape is a big monkey Pokemon that is the evolved form of Mankey.
Mental Calculation or Mental Math is a very old mathematical tool.
Richmond, Kentucky is a city in North-central Kentucky.
Gaius Julius Caesar Augustus Germanicus, better known by his nickname, Caligula, was the third Roman Emperor from 37 AD to when he died in 41 AD.
"This is about the color.
Pyromania is an obsession with fire and explosives.
Oscar de la Hoya , also known as the "Golden Boy", was a Mexican American boxer.
San Salvador Island, also known as Watling Island, is an island in the Bahamas, that is said to have been found by Christopher Columbus during his first trip to the New World.
Jane Roberts  was an American author, psychic and trance medium who "channeled" a spirit named Seth.
The pound is the currency used by Cyprus, Egypt, Falkland Islands, Gibraltar, Guernsey, Jersey, and the United Kingdom where it is called Pound sterling.
In general, an attraction is when two things are drawn to one another.
Alb-Donau is a rural district or county  in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Freddy "Boom Boom" Cannon  is an American singer.
The Hudson Bay is a bay that goes into East-central Canada.
La fanciulla del West, meaning "The Girl of the Golden West", is an opera by Puccini.
651 Antikleia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
The kora is a 21-string harp-lute used mostly by peoples in West Africa.
The Gao Region is located in eastern Mali.
652 Jubilatrix is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
The Kayes Region is located in eastern Mali.
The Kidal Region is a region located in Mali.
The Koulikoro Region is a region located in Mali.
The Mopti Region is a region located in Mali.
The Segou Region is a region located in Mali.
The Sikasso Region is a region located in Mali.
The Tombouctou Region is a region located in Mali.
653 Berenike is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
654 Zelinda is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Toni Morrison  is an African-American author who is the second child in her working-class.
Bret Michael Sychak, also known as Bret Michaels, , is the lead singer of the glam metal band Poison.
Jacques Arcadelt   was a Franco-Flemish composer in the Renaissance period.
Adela Florence Nicolson   was an English poet.
"The Sarah Jane Adventures" is a 2007 science fiction television series.
655 Briseïs is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
656 Beagle is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Dailymotion is the world's largest independent video sharing website.
Francesca Lia Block  is the writer of many books for teenagers.
Benito Pérez Galdós  was a Spanish realist novelist.
Ponyta is a Pokémon much like a pony.
Rapidash is a type of Pokémon.
Candomblé is an African-inspired or Afro-Brazilian religion, practiced chiefly in Brazil.
Merzig-Wadern is a "Kreis"  in the northeast of the Saarland, Germany.
SK Rapid Wien is a well-known Austrian Football Club.
Neunkirchen is a Kreis  in the middle of the Saarland, Germany.
Afro-Brazilian religions are all religions that originated in African traditional religions, which were brought to Brazil by slaves.
Qin Shi Huang, also known as Qin Shi Huangdi was the first emperor to unite, or bring together, all of China.
The Regionalverband Saarbrücken is a "Kommunalverband besonderer Art", that is, it is a special mix of a rural district and a district free city.
Sinaloa is a northwestern Mexican state.
Saarlouis is a Kreis  in the middle of the Saarland, Germany.
Saarpfalz  is a Kreis  in the south-east of the Saarland, Germany.
Sankt Wendel is a Kreis  in the north of the Saarland, Germany.
The respiratory system is the system of organs in a human or any breathing organism has.
An Internal combustion engine is an engine that combustion, or the burning of the fuel, occurs on the inside.
Mass media is media, or books, television, internet, etc., that reaches a lot of people.
Some electronic organs  are made to look and sound like pipe organs.
Kublai Khan was a great Mongol khan who brought the empire to its greatest height.
Bertrand du Guesclin (c.
The Battle of Sluys  was an important battle of the Hundred Years' War.
The Battle of Poitiers  was one of the three most important victories for England over France in the Hundred Years' War.
"Guitar Hero" is a popular series of music video games that allows players pretend they are a rock star by playing a controller shaped like a guitar.
Horse racing is a sport in which a race is held between racehorses, horses bred for racing.
The Treaty of Troyes  tried to change the change the inheritance rule for the kings of France, but did not succeed at doing that.
The Kentucky Derby is a horse race for three-year-old thoroughbreds held every year at the Churchill Downs in Louisville, Kentucky on the first Saturday in May.
Charles VII of France , was King of France from 1422 to his death.
The Madison Square Garden is a indoor arena in New York City.
The Kodak Theatre is a indoor theatre in Hollywood.
Luis Aragonés  was a Spanish football player and football coach since 1974.
Charles VI of France , was King of France from 1380 until his death.
657 Gunlöd is a C-type asteroid orbiting in the Main belt near the Eunomia family.
Küttigkofen is a municipality in the district Bucheggberg, in the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland.
Langendorf is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Laupersdorf is a municipality in the district Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Lohn-Ammannsegg is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
658 Asteria is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
This is a list of the 200 tallest buildings in the world.
The Harbourfront Landmark is a skyscraper in Hong Kong, China.
Shimao International Plaza is a skyscraper in Shanghai, China.
Mieszko I (c.
OneRepublic is an American pop rock band that formed in Colorado.
The Trump Building is a skyscraper in New York City, United States.
Ryan Benjamin Tedder  is an American singer, and Grammy nominated songwriter and record producer born in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Brent Kutzle  is an American musician, born in Newport Beach, California.
Pop rock is a subgenre of pop music and rock music that uses catchy pop style, with light lyrics over top of guitar-based songs.
"Dreaming Out Loud" is the debut album by OneRepublic, produced by Greg Wells with two songs produced by Ryan Tedder.
"Shock Value" is the second studio album by record producer Timbaland.
"Apologize" is a song released by OneRepublic found on their debut album "Dreaming Out Loud".
"Stop and Stare" is the second single by pop rock band OneRepublic, produced by Greg Wells, from their debut album "Dreaming Out Loud".
"Say " is a song by pop rock band OneRepublic from their debut album "Dreaming Out Loud".
Mosley Music Group is a record label created by record producer Tim "Timbaland" Mosley.
Interscope Records is an American record label.
"Mercy" is a song by pop rock band OneRepublic, from their debut album, "Dreaming Out Loud".
Greg Wells is a musician and Grammy-nominated record producer from Peterborough, Ontario, Canada, who now lives and works in Los Angeles.
The Daylights is a pop rock band from Los Angeles, California that formed in 2004.
Los Angeles County is a county in California and is by far the most populous county in the United States.
Lead guitar means the use of a guitar to perform melody lines, instrumental fills, and soloes within a song structure.
Brandi Carlile (b.
Coburg is a rural district in Upper Franconia in north Bavaria, Germany.
Prophets of Islam are male human beings who are regarded by Muslims to be prophets chosen by God.
Bernhard "Bert" Carl Trautmann OBE  is a former German football player.
Colbie Caillat is an American pop music singer and songwriter.
659 Nestor is a Jupiter trojan asteroid orbiting the Sun.
Trumpet vine or trumpet-creeper is a large vine, notable by its showy flowers.
David  is a common given name and surname.
Antlia is a constellation, or group of stars in the sky that form a picture.
Stone Temple Pilots  is an American rock band that played in the 1990s and early 2000s.
Urinal deodorizer blocks are the small disinfectant blocks found in urinals.
The New York Philharmonic is the oldest symphony orchestra in the United States which still exists, and one of the most famous orchestras of the world.
"Cyrtodactylus phongnhakebangensis"  is a type of gecko native to Phong Nha-Ke Bang National Park, Quang Binh province, Bac Trung Bo, Vietnam.
Philip II was a king of Macedon.
Lake Enriquillo is a lake in western Dominican Republic, near the border with Haiti.
Nebuchadnezzar II was a king of the Neo-Babylonian Empire.
660 Crescentia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Orthopedic casts are casts made of plaster that cover a limb to hold a broken bone in place while it heals.
The Battle of Patay  was an important battle in the Hundred Years' War between the French and the English in north-central France.
Battletoads is a fighting video game by Rare Ltd.
The Battle of Crécy happened on 26 August, 1346 near Crécy in northern France, and was one of the most important battles of the Hundred Years' War.
102 is a number.
661 Cloelia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
662 Newtonia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
663 Gerlinde is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
"Coffea"  is a genus of ten species of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae.
Arthur Meier Schlesinger, Jr., born Arthur Bancroft Schlesinger , was a American historian and social critic.
Vu Quang National Park is a national park in Ha Tinh Province, Bac Trung Bo, Vietnam.
Bae Young Joon is a famous actor from Seoul.
In Germany an Urban District,  is a large town or city that is responsible for its own local government.
Megiddo  is a hill in Israel.
The term Neo-Babylonian Empire  is talking about the Babylonia era during the 11th, or Chaldean, dynasty.
CornerShot is a special-use weapon that can fire around corners.
There are five levels of government in Germany.
Aguascalientes is a state in Mexico that is in the center of the country.
Vicksburg, Mississippi is a city in the US state of Mississippi.
664 Judith is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
The Chrysler Building is a skyscraper in New York City, United States.
Mendelian inheritance is a set of rules about genetic inheritance.
Altenburger Land is a rural district in Thuringia, Germany.
WhatPulse is a key counting program which monitors the number of keystrokes, mouse clicks and can now measure the distance your mouse has traveled.
The Tennessee River is a tributary, or a river that flows into, the Ohio River.
The Woolworth Building is a skyscraper in New York City, United States.
A keylogger is a piece of spyware which records the infected computers keystrokes.
The Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower  is a skyscraper in New York City, United States.
KLM is an airline that is a part of Air France-KLM.
The Kentucky River is a river in the state of Kentucky.
The Singer Building was a skyscraper in New York City, United States.
Maurizio Giuliano  is a person from Italy and England, who travels a lot and wrote books and in newspapers.
Aang is a fictional character in Nickelodeon's animated television series ', created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko, and voiced by Zach Tyler Eisen.
Batuque is an African-inspired or Afro-Brazilian religion, practiced mainly in Brazil.
Macumba is one of the Afro-Brazilian religion that mixes Umbanda, Quimbanda, Candomblé and other religions, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Umbanda is one of the Afro-Brazilian religion that mixes Umbanda, Candomblé and other religions in Brazil.
"Jak and Daxter" is a series of video games, developed by the company Naughty Dog.
Geo was a brand of economy cars sold by Chevrolet dealerships.
The Geo Prizm was a small car sold by Chevrolet from 1990 to 1997.
The Pontiac Vibe is a small SUV made by General Motors with Toyota in California.
The Geo Metro was a small car sold by Chevrolet from 1989 to 2001.
One Liberty Plaza is a skyscraper in New York City, United States.
665 Sabine is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
666 Desdemona is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
667 Denise is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Malware is a type of software that can harm computers, such as viruses and spyware.
Matrixism or The path of the One is a new religion based on the motion picture "The Matrix".
The Boston Celtics are a professional basketball club.
Bastia is a town and commune of northern Corsica, in France.
Alchevsk  is a town in the Luhansk Oblast of south-eastern Ukraine.
Kommunarsk  is the railway station in the city of Alchevsk .
668 Dora is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
"Shche ne vmerla Ukrainy i slava i volya"  is the national anthem of Ukraine.
669 Kypria is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
670 Ottegebe is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Toad Kinopio is a fictional character in Nintendo's Super Mario Bros.
Itanagar is the capital of the Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh.
Redwall is a series of books written by Brian Jacques.
Lommiswil is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Lostorf is a municipality in the district Gösgen in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Luterbach is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Lüsslingen is a municipality in the district Bucheggberg, in the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland.
Matzendorf is a municipality in the district Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
"Redwall" is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1986.
"Mossflower" is a fantasy book that was written in 1988 by Brian Jacques.
LeToya Nicole Luckett , known professionally as LeToya, is an American R&B singer, actress and songwriter.
Annie Oliv, born 1988 in Jönköping, Sweden, ïs a beauty queen, cello player and personal assistant to a disabled person.
The musical movie is a movie genre in which several songs sung by the characters are linked into the story line.
Julie Taymor  is an American director of Broadway theatre and movies.
Evan Rachel Wood  is an American movie, television, theater actress and singer.
James Sturgess  is a British actor.
Joe Anderson  is a British actor.
Dana Fuchs is an American singer, songwriter, actress and voice over talent.
Martin Luther McCoy is an American musician and actor.
Teresa Victoria Carpio, more commonly known as T.
Joe Cocker OBE  is an English rock/blues singer who came to popularity in the 1960s, and is most known for his gritty voice and his cover versions of popular songs, particularly those of The Beatles.
Elliot Goldenthal  is a well known American composer of modern classical music.
Jennifer Todd  is an American film producer.
Corte  in is a city  in the Haute-Corse "département" in central area of Corsica, in France.
Sartène , is a town  of Southern Corsica, in the Corse-du-Sud "département", in France.
Saint-Florent  is a commune in Haute-Corse, Corsica, France.
Calvi is a small town and commune of the Haute-Corse, in France.
L'Île-Rousse  is a commune in the Haute-Corse' of Corsica, France.
The Carbon Footprint relates to the amount of carbon emissions human activity is leaving on the Earth.
The Louisiana Purchase was a purchase made by U.S.
"Mattimeo" is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1989.
"Mariel of Redwall" is a fantasy book, written by Brian Jacques in 1991.
"Salamandastron" is a fantasy book, written by Brian Jacques in 1992.
"Martin the Warrior" is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1993.
671 Carnegia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Zionism is the belief that there should be a Jewish country in Israel.
"The Bellmaker" is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1994.
"Outcast of Redwall" is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1995.
"The Pearls of Lutra" is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1996.
"The Long Patrol" is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1997.
672 Astarte is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
673 Edda is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
674 Rachele is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
675 Ludmilla is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Shinshushinmachi is a town in Nagano, Japan.
Félix Rubén García Sarmiento  was a Nicaraguan journalist, diplomat, and poet who wrote under the pseudonym of Rubén Darío and is also known as The Father of Modernism.
Gabriel José de la Concordia García Márquez, also known as Gabo  is a Colombian novelist, short-story writer, and journalist.
"Come On Over" is the first album released by Plain White T's.
"Stop" is the second album released by the band Plain White T's.
The Angus cattle is a Scottish breed of black hornless cattle.
Aberfan is a village in South Wales where, in 1966, a slag-heap fell down, killing 28 adults and 116 children.
Porto-Vecchio  is a town and commune of the Corse-du-Sud department, on the island of Corsica, in France.Porto-Vecchio is the third largest town in Corsica after Bastia and Ajaccio.Porto-Vecchio is also a tourism city, tourists come from many countries around the world, in particular from Italy, Germany or the Netherlands.
Bonifacio  is a town and commune near the southern tip of the island of Corsica, in the "département" of Corse-du-Sud, France.
Aléria  is a commune in the Haute-Corse "département" of France, on the island of Corsica.
Treptower Tollensewinkel is an "Amt" in the district of Demmin, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
The Tollense  is a river in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania in northeastern Germany, right tributary of the Peene.
"All That We Needed" is the third album released by the band Plain White T's.
Every Second Counts is the fourth album released by Plain White T's.
676 Melitta is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Fritz Reuter  was a German novelist.
677 Aaltje is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
"Marlfox" is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1998.
"The Legend of Luke" is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1999.
"Lord Brocktree" is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 2000.
"The Taggerung" is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 2001.
"Triss" is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 2002.
"Loamhedge" is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 2003.
"Rakkety Tam" is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 2004.
"High Rhulain" is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 2005.
Eulalia is the nineteenth book in the Redwall novel series, and was written by Brian Jacques in 2007.
Li Bai or Li Po   was a Chinese poet.
Naguib Mahfouz   was an Egyptian novelist who won the 1988 Nobel Prize for Literature and who managed to modernize Arabic literature.
Valentin Louis Georges Eugène Marcel Proust   was a French novelist, essayist and critic, best known as the author of "À la recherche du temps perdu" (in English, "In Search of Lost Time", a monumental work of twentieth-century fiction published in seven parts from 1913 to 1927.
Asoka means "He who is the beloved of the Gods and who regards everyone amiably".
A Puritan used to be any person seeking "purity" through worship and doctrine.
Devario quangbinhensis or Chela quangbinhensis is a species of fish.
Da Nhay Beach is a beach on the shore of South China Sea.
Nhat Le Beach is a beach in Dong Hoi city, the capital of Quang Binh Province.
The Nhật Lệ River is a river in Dong Hoi City, Quang Binh Province, Vietnam.
Varanasi , also commonly known as Benares and Kashi, is a city situated on the banks of the river Ganga  in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh regarded holy by Hindus, Buddhists and Jains, and is one of the oldest continually inhabited cities in the world along with Damascus.
Munshi Premchand  was one of the greatest writers of modern Hindi and Urdu literature.
A Dependent territory is a territory that belongs to another state or nation.
A Pidgin is a simplified language.
Eiterfeld is a village in Germany in the east of Hesse.
SOCKS is an Internet protocol that allows a client computer to connect to a server using the services of a network firewall.
Squid cache, or simply Squid, is a type of proxy server.
Corsican  is a Romance language spoken on the island of Corsica , together with French, which is the official language.
PMMP is a Finnish pop rock band.
Louis III of France , king of Western Francia, was the second son of King Louis the Stammerer and Ansgarde.
Christopher Paolini  is an American writer.
Carloman II of France (c.
"Eldest" is the second book in the "Inheritance Cycle" written by Christopher Paolini in 2005.
Charles the Fat  was the King of Alemannia from 876, King of Italy from 879, Holy Roman Emperor  from 881, King of East Francia from 882, and King of West Francia from 884.
Odo of France (c.
678 Fredegundis is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
The Philadelphia City Hall is a city hall in Philadelphia, United States.
679 Pax is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Virtual Magic Kingdom was an online game community run by Disney.
The Treaty of Verdun  happened several generations after Charlemagne and divided his empire into three parts.
Jousting was a sport for rich people in Europe during the Middle Ages and the Renaissance.
Quang Binh  is a province in the North Central Coast of Vietnam.
GI or G.I.
Hồ Ngọc Hà  is a Vietnamese singer, model and actress.
Maximilian Franz Joseph Cornelius Wolf  was a German astronomer.
680 Genoveva is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
681 Gorgo is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
One example is the steeping of corn, part of the milling process.
Gluten is a composite of the proteins "gliadin" and "glutenin".
The octal numeral system is a base 8 numeral system.
Rubiaceae is a family of flowering plants, variously called the madder, bedstraw, or coffee family.
Gentianales are an order of flowering plants.
The Danish Centre of Urban History  is a research and communication center for the history of Danish cities.
"Gardenia" is a genus of about 250 species of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae.
"Plumeria"  is a small genus of 7-8 species that grow in tropical and subtropical Americas.
Religious conversion is the adoption of a new religious identity, or a change from one religious identity to another.
Min Nan, Minnan, or Min-nan, is the name for a few dialects of Chinese spoken in southern China, around Guangdong.
A radical  is the portion bearing the meaning of an inflected European word in Chinese.
Hubert Miles Gladwyn Jebb, 1st Baron Gladwyn, GCMG, GCVO, CB, known as Gladwyn Jebb , was a prominent British civil servant, diplomat and politician as well as the first Acting Secretary-General of the United Nations.
Trygve Halvdan Lie   was a Norwegian politician.
Nuclear force is the force between nucleons.
U Thant 22 January 1909 – 25 November 1974) was a Burmese diplomat and the third Secretary-General of the United Nations, from 1961 to 1971.
Shota Rustaveli was a Georgian poet of the 12th century, and the greatest classic of Georgian secular literature.
"Supreme Commander" is a real-time strategy computer game.
Forcalquier is a city in the south of France.
Sirenia is a gothic metal band from Stavanger, Norway, founded in early 2001.
Javier Pérez de Cuéllar Guerra  is a Peruvian diplomat who was the fifth Secretary-General of the United Nations from January 1 1982 to December 31 1991.
Boutros Boutros-Ghali   is an Egyptian diplomat who was the sixth Secretary-General of the United Nations from January 1992 to December 1996.
José de Sousa Saramago,  is a Portuguese writer, playwright and journalist.
Upasni Maharaj  was a Hindu guru who lived in a small village called Sakori in Maharashtra, India.
Finntroll is a folk metal band from Finland.
Crucified Barbara are a Swedish all-female band, formed in Stockholm in 1998.
John Clayton Mayer   is an American guitarist and singer-songwriter.
682 Hagar is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the Eunomia family area.
683 Lanzia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Burg Fürsteneck is a castle, situated in the middle of Germany between the towns of Fulda and Bad Hersfeld.
684 Hildburg is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
685 Hermia is an S-type asteroid in the Flora family in the Main Belt.
In Germany a Rural District,  is a level of local government about the same as a county in the United Kingdom.
Margate is a town in Thanet, Kent, Southeast England.
Many different people were named Henry I, including .
Robert I , king of West Francia , was the younger son of Robert the Strong, count of Anjou, and the brother of Odo of France.
Rudolph   was the duke of Burgundy between 921 and 923 and King of France from July 13, 923 until his death.
Louis IV , was king of France from 936 to 954.
"Ratchet & Clank" is a platforming and shooting game for the PlayStation 2.
Snow Patrol is an alternative rock band from Scotland and Northern Ireland.
686 Gersuind is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
687 Tinette is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
688 Melanie is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
689 Zita is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
690 Wratislavia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
691 Lehigh is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
Pollyanna is a book for children written by Eleanor Hodgman Porter.
Middle Chinese , or "Ancient Chinese" as used by linguist Bernhard Karlgren is a name given to an older version of the Chinese language.
The Uyghur  are a Turkic people of Central Asia.
A is a piece of tableware.
Grindelwald is a municipality in the district Interlaken in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
692 Hippodamia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
693 Zerbinetta is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
694 Ekard is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
695 Bella is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Solvation, commonly called dissolution, is the process of attraction and association of molecules of a solvent with molecules or ions of a solute.
696 Leonora is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
697 Galilea is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the Main belt asteroid.
698 Ernestina is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
699 Hela is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
UNMIK is the short form of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo.
700 Auravictrix is an asteroid in the Flora family in the Main Belt.
Mecklenburg-Strelitz was a duchy and later grand duchy in northern Germany.
701 Oriola is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
The British Household Cavalry, is a army corps  of two regiments of soldiers.
Pica is an eating disorder where a person wants to eat things that are not normal to eat, for example nails, rocks or feces.
Camillo Berneri  was an Italian professor of philosophy, anarchist militant, propagandist and theorist.
In context with theatre and movies a scenario  is a description of an event or series of actions and events.
Wu Cheng'en (, ca.
, Nan-ching , "Nanking" is the capital of China's Jiangsu Province, and a city with a prominent place in Chinese history and culture.
Arthur David Waley  was a famous English Orientalist and Sinologist.
Oriental studies include Near Eastern and Far Eastern societies and cultures, languages, and peoples and their histories; in recent years the term Asian studies has mostly replaced the older term.
Lev Chernyi  was a Russian anarchist poet who was imprisoned in Siberia under the Russian Czarist regime for his revolutionary activities.
702 Alauda is a big minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Luigi Fabbri , was an Italian anarchist, writer, agitator and propagandist who was charged with defeatism during the World War I.
Francesc Ferrer y Guàrdia , , was a Spanish Catalan "free-thinker" and anarchist.
Gaetano Bresci , was an Italian American anarchist who killed Italian King Umberto I.
"Songs for Polarbears" is the debut album by the alternative rock group Snow Patrol.
The Dominican city of San José de Ocoa is the head municipality of the San José de Ocoa province, on the southern part of the country and close to the River Ocoa.
"Starfighter Pilot" was the debut, or first, EP from the alternative rock band Snow Patrol, and was finished in 1997.
"When It's All Over We Still Have to Clear Up" is the second full-length album by the Alternative rock band Snow Patrol.
"Final Straw" is the third full-length album by the alternative rock band Snow Patrol.
"Live and Acoustic at Park Ave." is the second EP by alternative rock band Snow Patrol.
"Eyes Open" is the fourth full-length album by the alternative rock band Snow Patrol.
Epimetheus is a titan in Greek mythology, and is the brother of Prometheus, a Greek titan who gave all of the creatures something to protect themselves from the elements.
Wrestling is a fight between two people without weapons, in which each person tries to beat their opponent.
A diode is an electronic component with two electrodes which a signal can flow between .
The power trio is a popular type of a rock and roll band format since the 1960s.
703 Noëmi is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Gillian Howard Welch  is a United States singer-songwriter whose musical style combines bluegrass, country, and folk into a style she calls "American Primitive".
David Todd Rawlings is a United States guitarist.
Meitnerium is a chemical element in the periodic table.
4-1-1 is a telephone number in the United States and Canada.
The Convent has been the home of the Governor of Gibraltar since 1728.
The Pitcairn Islands are four islands in the Pacific Ocean.
"Pomp And Circumstance" was written by Sir Edward Elgar and became one of his most famous pieces.
704 Interamnia is a very big asteroid, and its diameter is thought to be 350 kilometres.
The River Ocoa is a river in the southern side of the Cordillera Central, Dominican Republic.
Louise Michel  was a french anarchist, school teacher and medical worker.
Louise Michel is a station of the Paris Métro, serving Line 3.
Two battalions of French-speaking people in the International Brigades of the Spanish Civil War against fascism, were named after Louise Michel, a heroine of the 1871 Paris Commune.
The Catholic Encyclopedia, or the Old Catholic Encyclopedia, is an English language encyclopedia.
Stanley  is the capital city of the Falkland Islands.
Numismatics is the study and collecting of coins and the history behind the coins.
Philately is the study and collection of postage stamps.
Charles of Valois  started the House of Valois as the first Count of Valois.
David William Donald Cameron  is the Leader of the Conservative Party and also Leader of the Opposition in the United Kingdom.
The House of Bourbon is an important royal house of Europe.
In the legends of King Arthur, Camelot is Arthur's castle.
The University of Hawaii is a group of public colleges and universities in Hawaii.
Cowlitz River is a river in the state of Washington in the United States.
Alexandre Dumas can mean one of two people In French, "père" means father and "fils" means son.
Leonidas was a king of Sparta.
Shrapnel is small chunks of broken objects, such as concrete and metal, that is around an explosive, usually as part of a container.
A nail bomb is a weapon that is made of a bag of nails with an bomb inside.
An introduced species is an organism that is not native to a given place.
A bunker is a military building for defense.
Over harvesting is an extreme use of some important areas like wetlands and damaging them without knowing that these areas could help many people.
Habitat fragmentation happens when large habitats are divided into smaller ones, separating all the species that lived there and depended on each other.
Cecil was a rock band from Liverpool, England.
Christopher "Kit" Marlowe  was a major dramatist, poet, and translator of English Renaissance drama.
The bass clarinet is a type of clarinet, and is a woodwind single-reed instrument.
The cornett is a brass instrument from the Medieval, Renaissance, and Baroque times.
Baoruco, also written Bahoruco , is a Dominican province, located in the western part of the country, in the "Hoya de Enriquillo" valley.
Snorri Sturluson  was an Icelandic historian, poet and politician.
"Heimskringla" is the best known of the old Norse kings' sagas.
County Mayo is a county in the province of Connacht, in Ireland.
"Crash Bandicoot" is a series of platform video games developed by Radical Entertainment and published by Sierra Entertainment.
A copt is an original Egyptian Christian.
Pectus excavatum is a medical problem.
Mark the Evangelist  is believed to be the writer of the Gospel of Mark; the Copts think Mark brought Christianity to Egypt.
The Analects were a book put together by the students of Confucius.
Central Park is a large public park in the borough of Manhattan in New York City.
Astronaut Mae Carol Jemison MD  became the first African-American woman to enter space when she served on the crew of the Space Shuttle Endeavor in September 1992.
705 Erminia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
706 Hirundo is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
707 Steïna is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
708 Raphaela is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
709 Fringilla is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
710 Gertrud is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
711 Marmulla is an asteroid in the Flora family in the Main Belt.
A club can be many things.
712 Boliviana is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
713 Luscinia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
714 Ulula is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
715 Transvaalia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
716 Berkeley is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
717 Wisibada is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
718 Erida is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Ethylene or ethene is a chemical compound with two carbon atoms and four hydrogen atoms in each molecule.
Skol is a brand of beer made by the Danish company Carlsberg Group.
The Archbishopric of Salzburg was a state of the Holy Roman Empire Archbishop of Salzburg as a Prince-Bishop.
A chinrest is a part on a violin.
Rheinfelden is a town in Germany that was started in 1922.
A Stone circle is an ancient monument.
Standing stones are stones that are set into the ground vertically.
Feldspar is the name of a group of rock-forming minerals that make up as much as 60% of the Earth's crust.
719 Albert is an Amor asteroid, the second one found after 433 Eros.
Felisburgo is a Brazilian municipality that can be found in the state of Minas Gerais.
Brazos Country is a city in Austin County, Texas.
Jean Nicolas Arthur Rimbaud  was a French poet, born in Charleville.
Élisée Reclus , also known as Jean Jacques Élisée Reclus, was a French geographer and anarchist.
The Şimon River is a tributary of the Turcu River in Romania.
Skjaldbreiður is a volcano in Iceland.
Michael Emerson  is an American theatre, television, and movie actor.
The Battle of Chantilly happened on September 1, 1862, in Fairfax County, Virginia.
Jörg Haider  was an Austrian politician that was often called to be off right-populism.
Egyptian Museum, in Cairo, Egypt, has a large collection of ancient Egyptian antiquities in the world.
720 Bohlinia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
721 Tabora is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Yagan (c.
Osaka University is a national university of Japan.
The Daytona 500 is an auto race held in Daytona Beach, Florida.
Beat-em up games are video games where the player beats up bad guys while walking through levels.
Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky  is a city in Russia.
722 Frieda is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Basic concept.
723 Hammonia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
724 Hapag is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Graphic arts is a term that was used for the art of printmaking and drawing.
725 Amanda is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
726 Joëlla is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
727 Nipponia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
A cylinder is the central working part of an engine, the space in which a piston travels.
Stanley is a city in the Buchanan and Fayette counties in the U.S.
Les Bois is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Les Breuleux is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
La Chaux-des-Breuleux is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Abrams is a town in Oconto County, Wisconsin, United States.
Les Enfers is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Ackley is a town in Langlade County, Wisconsin, United States.
Epauvillers is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Eichsfeld is a rural district in Thuringia, Germany, and is part of the historical region of Eichsfeld.
Gotha is a Kreis  in the middle of Thuringia, Germany.
Schwabhausen is a municipality in Gotha Rural District, Thuringia.
Adams is a town in Adams County in the U.S.
Adams is a town in Green County, Wisconsin, United States.
Adams is a town in Jackson County, Wisconsin, United States.
Addison is a town in Washington County, Wisconsin, United States.
"Into the Wild" is the first book in the "Warriors" series.
Critical density is the value at which the Universe is at balance, and expansion is stopped.
Non-Euclidean geometry is a type of geometry.
Miranda de Ebro is a city in Spain.
Julia Fischer  is a German violinist.
Interstate H-1  is the busiest interstate highway in Hawaii, United States, located on the island of O‘ahu.
Interstate H-2  is an intrastate interstate highway located on the island of O‘ahu in Hawai‘i, USA.
Syriacs are an ethnic group whose origins remain in what is today Iraq, Iran, Turkey and Syria, but who have gone to the Caucasus, North America and Western Europe during the past century.
Interstate H-3 is a highway in the American state of Hawaii.
Michael Kenji Shinoda is a Japanese American musician, record producer, and artist from Agoura Hills, California.
The Toyota Corolla is a small car made by Toyota since 1966.
The Toyota Hi-Lux is a compact pickup truck sold by Toyota.
Suzuki is a Japanese company that makes cars and motorcycles.
Fairtrade certification  is a system which gives a certificate to some products.
A storyline is basically what a story is about.
728 Leonisis is an asteroid of the Flora family, found by Johann Palisa in 1912 in Vienna.
729 Watsonia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
730 Athanasia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
David C.
Mains hum is a signal at a nominal 50 or 60 Hz, depending on local alternating current frequency, and usually some harmonic content.
Epiquerez is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Les Genevez is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Goumois is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Lajoux is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Greiz is a Landkreis  in the east of Thuringia, Germany.
Montfaucon is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Montfavergier is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Muriaux is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Le Noirmont is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Le Peuchapatte is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Les Pommerats is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Saignelégier is a municipality in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Saint-Brais is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Soubey is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Hildburghausen is a district in Thuringia, Germany.
Ilm-Kreis is a district in Thuringia, Germany.
Adrian is a town in Monroe County, Wisconsin, United States.
Agenda is a town in Ashland County in the U.S.
"Wizard's First Rule" is a book written by Terry Goodkind.
Dietary fiber is the part of food from plants that cannot be digested.
Henry Ian Cusick  is an Emmy-nominated Scottish-Peruvian actor of stage, television, and movies.
Mark "Bo" Pelini  is the head football coach at the University of Nebraska–Lincoln.
"Super Smash Bros.", sometimes called "SSB", is a series of fighting video games made by Nintendo.
John Heartfield  is the english version of the name of the German photomontage artist Helmut Herzfeld.
A solenoid is a 3 dimensional structure of wire.
731 Sorga is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
732 Tjilaki is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
733 Mocia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
734 Benda is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Kyffhäuserkreis is a rural district in the northern part of Thuringia, Germany.
735 Marghanna is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Nordhausen is the northernmeost "Landkreis"  of Thuringia, Germany.
Saale-Holzland-Kreis is a "landkreis"  in the east of Thuringia, Germany.
Saale-Orla is a "landkreis"  in the east of Thuringia, Germany.
Saalfeld-Rudolstadt is a "Landkreis"  in the south of Thuringia, Germany.
Schmalkalden-Meiningen is a "Landkreis"  in the west of Thuringia, Germany.
Sömmerda is a "Landkreis"  in the north of Thuringia, Germany.
Ahnapee is a town in Kewaunee County, Wisconsin, United States.
The electronvolt, symbol eV, is used to measure energy.
Meltingen is a municipality in the district Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Messen is a municipality in the district Bucheggberg, in the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland.
Metzerlen-Mariastein is a municipality in the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Mühledorf is a municipality in the district Bucheggberg, in the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland.
Kolding is a Danish seaport found at the head of Kolding Fjord in Region Syddanmark .
Drammen is a city and municipality in the county of Buskerud, Norway.
In legal matters, the prosecution is the person or people  who argue in a court case that another person or people  has committed a crime.
Sonneberg is a "Landkreis"  in the south of Thuringia, Germany.
Unstrut-Hainich is a "Landkreis"  in the north of Thuringia, Germany.
Cecil is a prototype-based programming language.
Wartburgkreis is a "Landkreis"  in the west of Thuringia, Germany.
Weimarer Land is a "Landkreis"  in the east of Thuringia, Germany.
The Congress of Arras was a political collection of people created in Arras in 1435 between England, France, and Burgundy.
Appanage is important to the history of France during the Middle Ages.
736 Harvard is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
737 Arequipa is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Scripps Ranch is a suburb of San Diego, California.
The "New Statesman" is a British left-wing political magazine that is published weekly in London.
In politics, left-wing means an attitude that sees social equality as very important.
Bourgeoisie means a social class of people who are in the upper or merchant class.
The César Awards, are the best-known movie awards in France.
In sociology or anthropology, social status is the honor or prestige of one's position in society.
738 Alagasta is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Kreis Bergstraße is a "Landkreis"  in the south of Hesse, Germany.
Social class refers to the hierarchical distinctions between individuals or groups in societies or cultures.
Mümliswil-Ramiswil is a municipality in the district Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Nennigkofen is a municipality in the district Bucheggberg, in the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland.
Neuendorf is a municipality in the district Gäu in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Niederbuchsiten is a municipality in the district Gäu in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Barahona is a Dominican province; it is located in the southwestern part of the country.
Black bread mold, also called "Rhizopus stolonifer", is a very common type of mold.
Dentistry is a kind of doctor's job.
The Toyota Tundra is a full-size pickup truck.
The Toyota Celica was a small sports car made by Toyota.
The Toyota 4Runner is a Sports utility vehicle made by Toyota.
Rhythmic gymnastics is sub-sport to artistic gymnastics, a cross between ballet and artistic gymnastics.
Wealth often means that much money is available.
Professional certification, trade certification, or professional designation, often called simply "certification" or "qualification", is a certification a person gets to assure that he/she is qualified to perform a job or task.
Darmstadt is one of the three Regierungsbezirk of Hesse, Germany, located in the south of the state.
A nebula  is an interstellar cloud of dust.
A Database schema  is the structure of a database system.
Ernst Heinrich Philipp August Haeckel , also written von Haeckel, was an important German biologist, naturalist, philosopher, physician, professor and artist.
A Lunar eclipse is an astronomical phenomenon.
Maximilian Carl Emil Weber   was a German political economist and sociologist who was considered one of the founders of the modern study of sociology and public administration.
The Constitution of the German Reich , usually known as the Weimar Constitution  was the constitution that governed the Weimar Republic .
"Guitar Hero III Mobile" is a music video game for mobile phones.
A polymath  is a person with encyclopedic, broad, or varied knowledge or learning.
; c.
Hafith or Hafiz , literally meaning 'guardian', is a term used by Muslims for people who have learnt completely the Qur'an by heart.
Alina Maratovna Kabaeva  is a Russian former-rhythmic gymnast since 14, and stopped when she was 20.
Seikan Tunnel（Ja:青函トンネル）is a railway tunnel in Japan.
Punch Brothers is an American bluegrass band.
Mike Marshall is an American mandolinist.
Edgar Meyer is an American Grammy Award-winning double bassist.
Jerry Douglas is an American Grammy Award-winning dobro player.
2-1-1 is a special telephone number in the United States and Canada.
3-1-1 is a special telephonenumber used for non-emergency call to municipal services.
Oleander, "Nerium oleander", is a poisonous shrub.
Aon Center is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States.
The Aon Center is the name of two buildings.
739 Mandeville is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
740 Cantabia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
John Hancock Center is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States.
AT&T Corporate Center is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States.
Two Prudential Plaza is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States.
Noam Pikelny is a United States banjo player and singer-songwriter, famous as a member of Leftover Salmon and Punch Brothers.
Gabe Witcher is a United States fiddle player and singer-songwriter, famous as a member of Punch Brothers.
311 South Wacker Drive is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States.
900 North Michigan is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States.
Bryan Sutton is a United States guitarist.
Water Tower Place is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States.
Chase Tower is the name of two buildings.
Park Tower is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States.
Toltec is used by historians in different ways.
Abi Ja'far Muhammad ibn Jarir al-Tabari  was one of the earliest, most important and famous Persian historians and explainers of the Qur'an, most famous for his "Tarikh al-Tabari"  and "Tafsir al-Tabari".
A basilica is a large, important church.
This article is about the fictional locations, landscapes, mountains, rivers etc.
Anjali Das  is an Indian poet.
A parliamentary system of government means that the executive branch of government must have the direct or indirect support of the parliament.
Someone may ask for a political asylum when it is frightened to live in his own country.
Neuendorf-Sachsenbande is a municipality in Wilstermarsch, in the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Gießen is one of the three Regierungsbezirke of Hesse, Germany.
Cecilia Cheung is a Hong Kong-born Australian actress and C-pop singer.
Gießen  is a "Kreis"  in the middle of Hesse, Germany.
Marburg-Biedenkopf is a "Landkreis"  in the west of Hesse, Germany.
Lahn-Dill is a "Kreis"  in the west of Hesse, Germany.
The Vogelsbergkreis is a "Kreis"  in the middle of Hesse, Germany.
5-1-1 is a special telephone number in the United States and some parts of Canada.
6-1-1 is a special telephone number in the United States and Canada.
Fulda  is a city in Hesse, Germany; it is located on the Fulda River and is the administrative seat of the Fulda district .
Fulda  is a "Kreis"  in the north-east of Hesse, Germany.
Kassel is one of the three Regierungsbezirke of Hesse, Germany, located in the north of the country.
Kassel is a "Landkreis"  in the north of Hesse, Germany.
The Transvaal (lit.
The Chishima Islands between Russia and Japan.
A Botnet  is a word which is sometimes used by Computer scientists.
741 Botolphia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun, found by Joel Hastings Metcalf on February 10, 1913 from Winchester.
742 Edisona is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Baroque was a visual rock band.
Luna Lovegood is a fictional character in the Harry Potter series, written by J.
Michael Bloomberg  is an American businessman and politician.
An umpire is someone who makes sure all of the rules are followed and that no one cheats games such as Major League Baseball, tennis, and cricket.
Linda Lingle  is the current governor of Hawaii.
743 Eugenisis is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Gackt M.S.
Cebuano is a type of language spoken in the Philippines.
744 Aguntina is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
745 Mauritia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
746 Marlu is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
747 Winchester is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt, named after the town in which it was found.
Unna is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
748 Simeïsa is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
749 Malzovia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Max Weber  was a Swiss politician.
Max Weber  was a military officer in the armies of Germany and later the United States, most known for serving as a brigadier general in the Union army during the American Civil War.
Oconto County is a county in the U.S.
Niedergösgen is a municipality in the district Gösgen in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Niederwil is a municipality in the district of Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Nunningen is a municipality in the district of Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Oberbuchsiten is a municipality in the district of Gäu in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Oberdorf is a municipality in the district of Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Obergerlafingen is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Isengard was the side project of Darkthrone's drummer and poet Fenriz.
A bunker is a defensive military building.
Thomas Matthew DeLonge, Jr.
The United States Geological Survey  is a science-related agency of the United States government.
A pyroclastic flow is a common result of volcanic eruptions.
A mudflow  occurs when mud travels down a slope very fast.
Stuart Duncan  is an American fiddle, banjo, mandolin, and guitar player.
750 Oskar is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
751 Faïna is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
A class is a part of a computer program that a programmer creates to represent a thing in a way that a computer can understand.
The Loggerhead Sea Turtle, or "Loggerhead", is a type of turtle that lives in the sea.
The Islamic Golden Age, also sometimes known as the Islamic Renaissance, lasted from the 8th century to the 13th century.
Giovanni Lorenzo Bernini   was one of the greatest artists of the Italian Baroque period.
Auguste Honoré Charlois  was a French astronomer who discovered 99 asteroids while working in Nice.
hCard, short for HTML vCard, is a format for publishing the contact information of people, companies, organizations, and places, in XHTML, Atom, RSS, or raw XML.
Ellen Louise Axson Wilson , the first wife of Woodrow Wilson, was First Lady of the United States from 1913 until her death in 1914.
752 Sulamitis is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
753 Tiflis is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
754 Malabar is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
755 Quintilla is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
756 Lilliana is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
The Fédération Cynologique Internationale is the "World Canine  Organisation".
Robertstown is a village in County Kildare, Ireland.
Hermanas Mirabal  is a Dominican province, located in the north-central part of the country.
American Communications Corp is a cabling company based out of San Diego, California.
Breckerfeld is a town in the district of Ennepe-Ruhr-Kreis, in North Rhine-Westphalia, .
Paul Raud  was an Estonian painter.
Ibn al-Haytham or Alhacen   was a pioneer of modern optics, and some have also described him as a "pioneer of the modern scientific method" and "first scientist".
A weather or sounding balloon is a balloon  which carries instruments in the sky to send back information on atmospheric pressure, temperature, and humidity by means of a small measuring tool called a radiosonde.
Einsatzgruppen der Sicherheitspolizei were a paramilitary group active before and during World War II.
Xenophilius Lovegood is a fictional character of the Harry Potter series.
Bartolomé de Las Casas , known as the "Apostle of the Indies", was a 16th century Spanish priest and writer, and the first Bishop of Chiapas, Mexico.
São José it´s a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil.
Balneário Camboriú is a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil.
Blumenau is a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil.
Brusque is a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil.
Chapecó is a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil.
Criciúma is a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil.
Itajaí is a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil.
Jaraguá do Sul is a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil.
Joaçaba is a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil.
Joinville is a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil.
Lages is a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil.
Togepi is a pokémon that was found in Grandfather Canyon by Misty, Ash, and Brock.
Berwick-upon-Tweed is a town in Northumberland, United Kingdom.
Marten Jacobszoon Heemskerck van Veen or "Maarten van Heemskerck" , was one of the best known Dutch portrait and religious painters of the 16th century .
An instrumental is music that has no words or people singing.
Currywurst is a German dish.
7-1-1 is a telephone number in Canada and the United States.
Johann Palisa  was an Austrian astronomer, born in Troppau in Austrian Silesia .
The Vulgate (lat.
MC Hammer  is an American rapper.
A nuclear power plant is a place where people make electricity using heat from nuclear reactions.
Charing Cross Hospital is a hospital in London, England.
8-1-1 was a telephone number in the United States and Canada.
American Airlines Flight 11 was the first hijacked airplane of the September 11, 2001 attacks.
"Sonic the Hedgehog 2", also called "Sonic 2", is the sequel to "Sonic the Hedgehog".
United Airlines Flight 175 was the second hijacked airplane of the September 11, 2001 attacks that crashed into the South Tower of the World Trade Center.
James Patrick "Jimmy" Page, OBE  is an English guitarist, composer and record producer, most famous for his work in the rock band Led Zeppelin.
John Paul Jones  is an English musician and record producer, and was known for being the bassist, the keyboardist and the mandolin player for rock band Led Zeppelin.
Robert Anthony Plant , is an English rock singer and musician, and was known for being the bassist, the lead vocalist for rock band Led Zeppelin.
John Henry "Bonzo" Bonham  was an English rock drummer, and was known for being a member of London hard rock band Led Zeppelin.
Quack is the sound a duck makes.
A hoof is the foot of certain animals known as ungulates .
757 Portlandia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Jyutping is a new Cantonese romanization system for Standard Cantonese.
An S-type asteroid is an asteroid that is mainly "silicaceous", or made of a lot of silicon.
1990s.
Yelle  is a French singer from the town of Saint-Brieuc, Bretagne.
The River Ozama is a river in the eastern part of the "Llano Costero del Caribe" .
The nipple is a special gland.
American Airlines Flight 77 was an airplane that was hijacked by terrorists and was crashed into The Pentagon.
"Sonic the Hedgehog", sometimes called "Sonic", is the first game in the Sonic the Hedgehog Video game series.
"Tekken" is a fighting video game series.
"Tekken 2" is a fighting video game made by Namco.
Alicia Keys  is an American pop, R&B, soul, and neo soul singer-songwriter, pianist, record producer, actress, music video director, philanthropist, and author who has sold over forty-one million albums and singles worldwide as of 2007, and has won numerous awards, including eleven Grammy Awards, eleven Billboard Music Awards, three American Music Awards, and fourteen NAACP Image Awards.
758 Mancunia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
"Zlata's Diary" was a diary made by Bosnian & Herzegovina's Zlata Filipovic.
Anna Bessonova  is a Ukrainian,2 time Olympic Bronze medalist rhythmic gymnast.
The U.S.
Emmanuel College is a chain of Roman Catholic secondary colleges associated with the Marianists.
Basra  is the third largest city of Iraq with a population of about 2,600,000 .
Hijra , or withdrawal, is the word that is used for the movement of Mohammad and most of his followers from Mecca to Medina in 622.
"The Nanny" is an American comedy starring Fran Drescher.
This is a list of the episodes of the CBS television sitcom "The Nanny".
Wake County is a county in the U.S.
759 Vinifera is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
760 Massinga is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Alison Moyet , is an English pop singer-songwriter noted for her bluesy voice.
Durham County is a county located in the U.S.
761 Brendelia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Nash County is a county located in the U.S.
Granville County is a county located in the U.S.
Franklin County is a county located in the U.S.
A shoulder rest is something which is used by people who play the violin or the viola.
Johnston County is a county located in the U.S.
"The Quibbler" is a fictional magazine of the Harry Potter world.
The camera obscura (Lat.
Camera obscura means "darkened chamber" to describe early devices for projecting an image on a screen, by use of a lens or a pinhole.
A pinhole camera is a camera without a conventional glass lens.
In photography a shutter is the part of a camera that opens for a controlled period of time to let light in during taking a picture.
A movie projector is a device for displaying moving pictures by projecting them on a projection screen.
The following lists all of the craters on Puck.
The following is list of craters on Umbriel.
"Indigofera" is a big genus of about 700 species of flowering plants.
Claudette Colbert   was a French-born American actress who won an Academy Award for "It Happened One Night".
Yekaterinburg is a big city in Russia, with a population of 1,293,537 people.
Collingwood is a suburb in Melbourne, Australia.
762 Pulcova is a main belt asteroid.
George Mifflin Dallas  was a Senator for the United States from Pennsylvania and later served under James K.
William Rufus deVane King  was a U.S.
Harnett County is a county located in the state of North Carolina, United States.
Chatham County is a county in the U.S.
Carteret County is a county in the U.S.
The Doctor is the central character in the long-running BBC science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
Sir Roger Penrose, OM, FRS  is an English mathematical physicist and Emeritus Rouse Ball Professor of Mathematics at the Mathematical Institute, University of Oxford and Emeritus Fellow of Wadham College.
"Arthur" is a Canadian/American children's television series, based on a series of books written by Marc Brown.
A langur is a type of monkey found in southeast Asia.
"WWE Raw", known as "WWE RAW", is the Monday night professional wrestling television program for World Wrestling Entertainment  and is the main broadcast of the Raw brand.
The companions or assistants of the Doctor of the "Doctor Who" television series.
The Moomba Waterfest is a yearly festival in Melbourne, Australia.
Ludwig Josef Johann Wittgenstein   was an Austrian philosopher.
John Cabell Breckinridge  was a lawyer, Representative, Senator for the United States and the Vice President of the United States.
Michael Dante DiMartino is an American animation director, most known as the co-creator, executive producer, and story editor of the TV series ' on Nickelodeon.
Ancient Athens is the name for the city of Athens in about the 5th century BC.
Barbara Meier  is a model.
Bryan Konietzko is the co-creator and executive producer of the animated series '.
Hannibal Hamlin  was a politician from Maine.
Busan Subway is a subway system in Busan, South Korea.
Tsing Hua University or THU , is a university in Beijing, People's Republic of China.
Thu is most often an abbreviation for Thursday.
Yui Horie , born on 20 September 1976, is a popular Japanese singer and voice actress.
A subsurface structuremap is a type of subsurface map whose contours represent the elevation of a particular formation, reservoir or geologic marker in space, such that folds, faults and other geologic structures are clearly displayed.
Cave paintings are paintings on cave walls and ceilings.
For this it uses the radioactive isotope carbon-14.
A Passage tomb or passage grave is a tomb which can be reached through a  passage.
The Hallstatt era is named after the city Hallstatt in Austria, where the first artifacts were found.
The Celts basically lived in clans.
A Ring fort is a fortified settlement.
"Beowulf" is an Old English heroic epic poem.
A stigma is a part of a flower that gets pollen from pollinators such as bees.
Empress Dowager Cixi1  , popularly known in China as the West Dowager Empress , was from the Manchu Yehe Nara Clan.
Human trafficking  is a way to exploit people.
A Controversy is when people have a problem related to opinions.
Deutscher Gewerkschaftsbund is a confederation of german trade unions.
I'm Like a Lawyer with the Way I'm Always Trying to Get You off  (shortened to “I’m Like A Lawyer...
"The Best Damn Thing" is the fourth single off the album The Best Damn Thing by Avril Lavigne.
ver.di is a large German trade union.
Deutscher Beamtenbund   is a national trade union center of Germany.
Gewerkschaft Deutscher Lokomotivführer   is a trade union of Germany.
TRANSNET, which stands for Transport, Service, and Networks, is a trade union in Germany.
The can-can  is a music hall dance, performed by a chorus line of female dancers who wear costumes with long skirts, petticoats, and black stockings, like the fashions of the 1890s.
Jacques Offenbach  was a French composer and cellist of the Romantic era.
Shane MacDougall is a Canadian stand-up comedian, former columnist, television writer, and documentarian.
Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec,  was a French painter of the Post-Impressionist period.
763 Cupido is an asteroid in the Flora family in the Main Belt.
A midwife is a person, typically a woman, who has been trained to assist women during childbirth.
764 Gedania is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
765 Mattiaca is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Alleghany County is a county in the U.S.
766 Moguntia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
767 Bondia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
768 Struveana is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Sparta is a town in Alleghany County, North Carolina, United States.
769 Tatjana is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
770 Bali is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
771 Libera is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Anson County is a county in the U.S.
772 Tanete is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
773 Irmintraud is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Wadesboro is a town in Anson County, North Carolina, United States.
Alexander County is a county in the U.S.
Ashe County is a county in the U.S.
The Long March is the name of the retreat of the Mao Zedong and the Communists in 1935.
Avery County is a county in the U.S.
Ronnie Minder  is a global Swiss songwriter, producer and composer.
Hersfeld-Rotenburg is a "Kreis"  in the east of Hesse, Germany.
The Saturnian moon Rhea may have a thin ring system with three narrow bands in a disk of solid particles.
Werra-Meißner is a "Kreis"  in the north of Hesse, Germany.
Waldeck-Frankenberg is a "Kreis"  in the north of Hesse, Germany.
Schwalm-Eder is a "Kreis"  in the north of Hesse, Germany.
Velvet Revolver, , is a Grammy Award-winning rock supergroup.
The Manchu people are a Tungusic people who came from Manchuria .
Kristanna Sommer Loken or Kristanna Sommer Løken  is an American actress known for her work in both film and television, and a former fashion model.
Geneva  is the second biggest city in Switzerland.
Concubinage is the state of a woman in a relationship with a man of higher social status that gives her less rights than a marriage.
A mistress is a man's long term female sexual partner and companion who is not married to him.
Charles P.
The Eastern Front of World War I was the battle line on the border of Germany and Russia.
Gibbon are type of apes in the family Hylobatidae.
774 Armor is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
775 Lumière is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Same-sex marriage is a term for a relationship in which two people of the same sex live together as a family in a governmentally, socially, or religiously recognized marriage.
Chiron is the name given to a moon of Saturn claimed to be sighted by Hermann Goldschmidt in 1861.
In education.
Carl von Moers  was a German horse rider who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
Burnham Grammar School  is a children's grammar school in Burnham, Buckinghamshire.
Avant-garde  in French means "front guard", "advance guard", or "vanguard".
"Dumb Luck" is a 2001 movie written and directed by Craig Clyde and starring Scott Baio, Tracy Nelson, Hal Linden and Eileen Brennan.
Gil Fates  was an American television producer.
In economics, business and government policy,- something new - must be substantially different, not an unimportant change.
Innovation may refer to one of the following.
The Santieh River is a river in Taiwan.
Scott S.
Taiwan is a mountainous island, and mountain climbing is a favorite activity of the and many Taiwanese people.
"Mario Kart DS" is a racing game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS.
Metacritic is a website which gathers expert reviews and reviews from your average person for films, video games, music and books.
Marktbreit is a town in Germany, near Kitzingen in Bavaria.
An eclipse is an astronomical event.
Lena Gercke is a model.
A Plorvorine Reaction is a type of sub-elemental trans-molecular heteronucleozygous transmutilation multiprocess-fission reaction used in the generic super-atomic structural deformation of 4-6-dipropyldodec-3-4-6-triene, catalysed with an amount of trichloric vanadium dioxide, and Aluminium difluoride.
"Twilight" is a series of fantasy/romance books by Stephenie Meyer.
Sir Karl Raimund Popper  was an Austrian and British philosopher and a professor at the London School of Economics.
A castle is a fortified structure used to defend a territory.
Eliot Laurence Spitzer  is an American lawyer and politician of the Democratic Party.
Arena is a village in Iowa County, Wisconsin, USA.
The following is a list of rivers of Africa, by region.
The Official Municipality Key, which used to be called the "Official Municipality Characteristic Number" or "Municipality Code Number", is a group of numbers used to tell the difference between different municipalities and areas.
The hexadecimal numeral system, or commonly known just as Hex, is a numeral system made up of of 16 symbols .
The following is a list of rivers of Antarctica.
The Battle of Tannenberg was a decisive engagement between the Russian Empire and the German Empire in the first days of World War I, fought by the Russian First and Second Armies and the German Eighth Army between 17 August and 2 September 1914.
The following is a list of the major rivers of Asia, by letter.
Erich Friedrich Wilhelm Ludendorff   was a German Army officer, "Generalquartiermeister" during World War I, victor of Liège, and, with Paul von Hindenburg, one of the victors of the battle of Tannenberg.
The Austro-Hungarian Compromise of 1867  established the dual monarchy of Austria-Hungary.
Franz Joseph I (in Hungarian I.
A cantuta  is a type of a flower.
Mie Prefecture  is located in the Kinki region on the island of Honshū, Japan.
WWE Studios  is a World Wrestling Entertainment movie and television production company that is starring, produced or directed by WWE talent.
776 Berbericia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Christopher Michael Benoit  was a Canadian professionel wrestler.
A glitch is something that goes wrong in a system.
This is a list of the "Jack" robots in the "Tekken" series.
My Little Lover is a Japanese pop group.
Beaufort County is a county in the U.S.
Bertie County  is a county in the U.S.
Bladen County is a county in the U.S.
Brunswick County is a county in the U.S.
Buncombe County is a county in the U.S.
The al-Qaeda Organization in the Islamic Maghreb is an islamist militia.
The Alph River is a river in Antarctica.
Escapology is the practice of escaping from restraints or other traps.
Burke County is a county in the U.S.
Rezovski Creek  is a melt-water stream that can be found in Livingston Island, Antarctica.
Radio Telefís Éireann, known as RTÉ, is the main television and radio broadcaster in the Republic of Ireland.
The Onyx River is a meltwater stream that flows to the west through the Wright Valley between the Wright Lower Glacier to Lake Vanda.
The Wailua River is a river on the island of Kauai in the U.S.
The Waimea River is a river on the island of Kauai in the U.S.
Cabarrus County is a county in the U.S.
The ZX Spectrum was a range of home computers based on the Z80 microchip and sold by Sinclair Research Ltd, the business company owned by British inventor Sir Clive Sinclair.
A home computer is the name given to popular computers made in the 1980s and 1990s that could be plugged into a television set.
The Z80 microchip was one of the one of the most popular microchips for computers in the 1980s.
Caldwell County is a county in the state of North Carolina.
Sinclair Research Ltd.
Glen Jacobs  is an American professional wrestler who performs under the stage name Kane.
Hipparchus (Greek; ca.
Peripheral describes something as less important.
The Battle of Verdun was a battle of the First World War.
Bank of America Tower is a skyscraper in New York City, United States.
The New York Times Building is a skyscraper in New York City, United States.
A "Gameshark" is a cheating device.
The American International Building is a skyscraper in New York City, United States.
The King Penguin  is a type of penguin.
Citigroup Center is a skyscraper in New York City, United States.
777 Gutemberga is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Industrial and systems engineering is one of the fastest growing areas of engineering.
Trump World Tower is a skyscraper in New York City, United States.
GE Building is a skyscraper in New York City, United States.
Novartis International AG is a pharmaceutical company in Basel, Switzerland.
Roger Brooke Taney  was a Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court.
A Supreme court is generally the highest court in a country.
Lee Chaolan is a video game character in "Tekken".
A scooter is a bicycle or tricycle with very small wheels.
A tricycle is a vehicle with three wheels.
The Extreme Championship Wrestling  Championship is a professional wrestling world championship in World Wrestling Entertainment.
Combustion is a word that means burning.
"The Golden Compass" is a fantasy movie, which was released on December 5, 2007 by New Line Cinema.
An independent body is a group employed to give a view without bias.
B.
The Limbourg brothers, or in Dutch "Gebroeders van Limburg" (Herman, Paul, and Johan; fl.
Anthony Stewart Head  is an English actor and musician who has appeared in theatre, television and movies.
Uluru, also called Ayers Rock, is a name given to a huge rock near Alice Springs in the Australian Outback.
The Elapidae, or elapids'", are a family of venomous snakes.
A colubrid  is a snake that is a member of the Colubridae family.
Central Finland is a province of Finland with about 270,000 inhabitants.
Sea snakes, or "seasnakes", are poisonous elapid snakes that live in marine environments for most or all of their lives.
The title of Archduke   is a rank above Duke and under King, but is very rare.
Trench warfare is a war tactic, or way of fighting.
Port-de-Paix  is a city and the capital of the département of Nord-Ouest in Haiti on the Atlantic coast.
A device controller is a part of a computer system that makes sense of the signals going to, and coming from the CPU processor.
Worthy is the word that describes something or someone as proven to be strong, skillful, or long lasting.
778 Theobalda is a minor planet orbiting the Sun, in the asteroid belt.
Rostov-on-Don  is a city in the European part of Russia.
The Staples Center is a indoor arena in Los Angeles, California.
Camden County is a county in the U.S.
Caswell County is a county in the U.S.
An Internet forum is a place on the internet where people can type messages on a board for other people to see.
Catawba County is a county in the U.S.
Stone tools are tools made of stone that were used most commonly by cavemen, or people who lived in prehistoric times.
Peter René Baumann  better known as DJ BoBo, is a Swiss singer, songwriter, dancer and music producer.
"Highpoint Shopping Centre" is a shopping centre in Victoria, Melbourne.
Cherokee County is a county in the U.S.
Chowan County is a county in the U.S.
Clay County is a county in the U.S.
A character is the name of a letter, number or any symbol that can fit in the same space the letters and numbers fit.
An optical drive is usually a CD drive or DVD drive.
WWE Heat is a professional wrestling show for World Wrestling Entertainment, the show uses superstars from the "Raw" Brand.
Sarojini Sahoo  is an Indian writer.
Wrestling Career.
The President of the Confederation leads meetings of the federal government  of Switzerland.
Nabta Playa was once a large basin in the Nubian Desert.
A video card is a special circuit board that controls what is shown on a computer monitor.
The Dominican city of Santa Cruz de Barahona, or simply Barahona, is the head municipality of the Barahona province, on the southwest of the country.
Ananth is a word that means infinite, good, endless, cute, strong, ruler, knowledge, smart, kind, honest, grateful, truthful, and possessive.
Sindh is a province in Pakistan.
The North-West Frontier Province  sometimes called Afghania is a province in Pakistan.
Balochistan is a province in Pakistan.
The Italian campaign was a series of battles fought between Austria-Hungary and Italy.
Chaudhry Rahmat Ali or Rehmat Ali Khan  was an Indian Muslim who was one of the first people to ask for the creation of the state of Pakistan.
Abbottabad is a city in Pakistan.
Abbottabad District is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Bannu District is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Batagram District is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Buner District is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Charsadda District is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Chitral District is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Dera Ismail Khan District is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Hangu District is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Haripur District is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Karak District is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Kohat District is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Kohistan District is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Lakki Marwat District is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Lower Dir District is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Malakand District is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Mansehra District is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Mardan District is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Nowshera District is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Peshawar District is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Shangla District is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
The Middle Eastern theatre of World War I was a large theatre during the first World War.
Swabi District is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Swat District is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Tank District is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Upper Dir District is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Bannu is a city in Pakistan.
Batagram is a city in Pakistan.
Charsadda is a city in Pakistan.
Chitral is a city in Pakistan.
Dera Ismail Khan is a city in Pakistan.
Hangu is a city in Pakistan.
Haripur is a city in Pakistan.
Karak is a city in Pakistan.
Kohat is a city in Pakistan.
Lakki Marwat is a city in Pakistan.
Mansehra is a city in Pakistan.
Mardan is a city in Pakistan.
Nowshera is a city in Pakistan.
Alpuri is a city in Pakistan.
Saidu Sharif is a city in Pakistan.
Tank is a city in Pakistan.
In warfare, a theatre or theater is an area where there are many battles.
Abbottabad Tehsil is a subdivision of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Charlotte Perrelli  is a swedish singer,television host and actress, perhaps most famous for winning Melodifestivalen 1999 and subsequently the Eurovision Song Contest 1999 with her song "Take Me To Your Heaven".
Attock District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Bahawalnagar District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Bahawalpur District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Bhakkar District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Chakwal District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Dera Ghazi Khan District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Faisalabad District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Gujranwala District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Gujrat District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Hafizabad District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Jhang District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Jhelum District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Kasur District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Khanewal District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Khushab District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Lahore District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Layyah District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Lodhran District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Mandi Bahauddin District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Mianwali District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Multan District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Muzaffargarh District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Nankana Sahib District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Narowal District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Okara District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
The Taito Corporation is an wikt:innovator of coin operated video games.
Pakpattan District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Rahimyar Khan District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Space Invaders is a video game made by the Taito Corporation.
Rajanpur District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Sahiwal District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Sargodha District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Sheikhupura District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Sialkot District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Toba Tek Singh District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Vehari District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Attock is a city in Pakistan.
Bahawalnagar is a city in Pakistan.
Bahawalpur is a city in Pakistan.
Bhakkar is a city in Pakistan.
Chakwal is a city in Pakistan.
Dera Ghazi Khan is a city in Pakistan.
Faisalabad is a city in Pakistan.
A Union Council or Village Council in Pakistan is an elected local government body that has 21 councillors - who are elected by the people.
Seer Gharbi is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of the country of Pakistan.
Tranmere Rovers Football Club is an English football club, currently playing in the Football League One.
Corumbá is a Brazilian city of the state of Mato Grosso do Sul.
Christopher Frank Carandini Lee CBE  is an English actor.
Liv Tyler  is an American actress and model.
Dourados is a Brazilian city of the state of Mato Grosso do Sul.
No Mercy is a musical group consisting of twins Ariel & Gabriel Hernández and Marty Cintron.
Carlo Gesualdo, known as Gesualdo da Venosa , Prince of Venosa and Count of Conza, was an Italian music composer, lutenist and murderer.
AdventureQuest is an RPG  made by Artix Entertainment.
A conflict is a problem.
A constructed script  is a kind of writing system.
"An Inspector Calls" is a play written in 1944-5 by the British playwrite J.
The Justice and Equality Movement  is a rebel group involved in the Darfur conflict of Sudan.
This article is about the constructed languages from J.
he is estimated to have written between 1,500 and 2,500 fully-fledged plays – of which some 425 have survived until the modern day – together with a plethora of shorter dramatic and poetic works.
Pedro Calderón de la Barca y Henao , was a dramatist of the Spanish Golden Age.
Chemical vapor deposition is a method of putting a thin layer of metal on to a surface using very low heat.
Below is a list of the 25 states of Sudan.
WrestleMania XXIV was the twenty-fourth yearly WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by World Wrestling Entertainment .
779 Nina is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
A Nazim is a person who is responsible for administration of cities, districts and Union Councils in Pakistan.
The Dogon are a group of people who live in Mali in West Africa.
Ipswich is a town in the south of England.
Pakistan is a country in Asia.
Self-esteem is the way people think about themselves, and how worthwhile they feel.
Freetown Christiania, shortly and commonly called just Christiania'", is a danish special community, as a village,partially self-governing with 850 inhabitants, and with an area of 85 acres near the capital of Denmark, Copenhagen.
"I'm Not There" is a Golden Globe Award-winning and Academy Award-nominated 2007 movie that is inspired by the life of musician Bob Dylan.
The lanthanoid   series is made of the 15 elements with atomic numbers 57 through 71, from lanthanum to lutetium.
The New Zealand Story is a video game released by the Taito Corporation in 1988.
Ungdomshuset  was the popular name of the building formally named Folkets Hus  located on Jagtvej 69 in Nørrebro, Copenhagen.
The word "naib"  is an Arabic word meaning someone who is second in command.
780 Armenia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Bagh is a Union Council of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Havelian Tehsil is a subdivision of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
A tehsil  is a unit of government in Pakistan and in the Republic of India - it is similar to a county.
Changbai Mountain is the highest mountain in China.
Pakistan Standard Time  is the time zone for Pakistan & Indian Occupied Kashmir - it is 5 hours ahead of GMT/UTC.
Dhamtour is a Union Council located in Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan Location.
781 Kartvelia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Kathryn Bailey Beckinsale  is an English actress, known for her roles in the films "Pearl Harbor" , "Underworld"  and "Van Helsing" .
A circuit board is a card made specially for attaching electronic components.
Pantera was a band from Arlington in Texas, USA.
"Pan's Labyrinth"  is an Academy Award-winning Spanish language fantasy movie written and directed by Mexican movie-maker Guillermo del Toro.
Transubstantiation is the belief of Catholics and some other Christian churches that the bread and wine that is eaten and drank at Mass becomes  the body and blood of Jesus, who Christians believe is the son of God.
Children of Bodom is a metal band from Espoo in Finland.
782 Montefiore is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Near-Earth asteroids  are asteroids whose orbits are close to Earth's orbit.
783 Nora is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
784 Pickeringia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Abbottabad Central is a Union Council of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
A Naib Nazim, or deputy Nazim, is an elected government official in Pakistan.
Cherbourg-Octeville is a city in France.
3 Inches of Blood is a metal band from Vancouver in Canada.
The Swiss Federal Council  is the group of seven people who are the federal government of Switzerland.
Bengal is a Divided region in South Asia that is split between two countries - Bangladesh and India.
World Wrestling Entertainment  has a wide range of shows all over the world, including television, films, online, video on demand and pay-per-views.
Miley Ray Stewart, or Hannah Montana is a fictional character played by Miley Cyrus on the Disney Channel television show "Hannah Montana".
Nazareth   is the capital city of the north district of Israel.
785 Zwetana is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Scanlation  is a word for manga comics which have been scanned and translated by fans from the language they were in before  to a different language, usually English, French or Spanish.
KolibriOS is a free and open source operating system written all in assembly.
Obergösgen is a municipality in the district Gösgen in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Oekingen is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Oensingen is a municipality in the district Gäu in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Olten is a city in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Orenthal James "O.
Woodrow Wilson Guthrie, better known as Woody Guthrie , was an American folk musician and songwriter, of the 20th century.
East Bengal is the eastern part of Bengal.
Seer Sharqi Bhattian is a Union Council of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Bagnotar is a Union Council of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Clinton is a village in Oneida County, New York, United States.
Charleston is a city in Berkeley and Charleston counties in the U.S.
Taunton is a city in Bristol County, Massachusetts, United States.
Professor Gerhard Ertl is a German physicist in the Department of Physical Chemistry of the Fritz Haber Institute of the MPG.
Francesco Hayez  was the main artist of Romanticism in mid-19th-century in Milan, he is most well known for for his grand historical paintings excellent portraits.
John William Waterhouse  was an English painter.
Toontown is a fictional city near Los Angeles where animated characters, or "toons", live.
786 Bredichina is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
787 Moskva is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
The Semantic Web is a project of the W3C in which uses metadata to let computers understand the information on the internet.
Langlade County is a county located in the U.S.
Adams County is a county located in the U.S.
Ligaria cuneifolia van Tigh, (syn.
Hypersonic speeds are speeds that are highly supersonic.
In aerodynamics, hypersonic speeds are speeds that are highly supersonic.
Great Langton is a small village in the English county of North Yorkshire.
Professor Leonid "Leo" Hurwicz was an American economist and mathematician.
A virtual private network or VPN for short, is a way of connecting two computers through a network.
Dial-up internet access, usually just called Dial-up, is way of connecting to the Internet by using a telephone line.
iPass is a company that lets business users connect to the Internet when they are not in work or even on holiday.
Shai Hulud is a hardcore punk band with progressive metal influences formed in Pompano Beach, Florida in 1995.
788 Hohensteina is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Broadband is way or moving information across a network and is used for high speed internet connections.
Lloyds TSB is one of world's largest banks.
Gresham Street, is a street in the City of London, it is named after Thomas Gresham and runs from St.
Sir Thomas Gresham (c.
This a list of Renaissance artists begins in the 13th century  and includes famous painters and sculptors.
The Rose Bowl Game is a American college football bowl game at the Rose Bowl .
The Fiesta Bowl is a American college football bowl game at the University of Phoenix Stadium.
The Sugar Bowl is a American college football bowl game at the Louisiana Superdome.
The Uffizi Gallery , is one of the oldest and most famous art museums in the world.
Whitehall is a road in Westminster in London, England.
Whitehall is also the name of several places.
Dawlish Warren is a small seaside resort.
"Fuchsia" is a genus of flowering plants.
Joseba Sarrionandia Uribelarrea  is a Basque writer and a member of the Basque armed group ETA.
"SpongeBob SquarePants"  is a yellow sea sponge and the main character of the Nicktoon "SpongeBob SquarePants".
Fr Lorenzo Milani Comparetti  was a priest of the Catholic Church in Italy.
Ariel Rubinstein  is an Israeli writer and economist.
789 Lena is a medium-sized X-type asteroid orbiting in the Main belt near the Eunomia family.
Mosaic is the art of decorating a surface with pictures and patterns made of little pieces of stone, glass or tiles of different colours.
Odilon Redon  was a Symbolist painter and printmaker, born in Bordeaux, Aquitaine, France.
Pinnipeds ("fin-feet", lit.
"Wizards of Waverly Place" is a 2007 Disney Channel television series.
"Cory in the House" is a 2007 Disney Channel television series.
Sir John Alexander Macdonald,  was the first Prime Minister of Canada and the dominant figure of Canadian Confederation.
The Justice League is a fictional DC Comics superhero team.
Even Stevens is a Disney Channel television series about an American family.
The Trojan asteroids are a big group of asteroids that move around the Sun at the same distance as the planet Jupiter.
Christopher Allen Lloyd  is an Emmy Award-winning American actor.
Summary.
Green Arrow is a fictional character, published by DC Comics.
Summary.
Aquaman is a fictional comic book superhero published by DC Comics.
Green Lantern is the name of several fictional superheroes that appear in comic books published by DC Comics.
August Kopff  was a German astronomer who found many comets and asteroids.
Great Yarmouth, often known to locals as Yarmouth, is an English coastal town in Norfolk.
790 Pretoria is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
is the designation of an object seen orbiting Saturn just beyond the farther part of the F ring on 21 June, 2004.
is the designation of an object that astronomers don't know for sure if it exists seen orbiting Saturn within the closer part of the F ring on 21 June, 2004.
is the designation of a dusty object seen orbiting Saturn very close to the F ring.
Joel Hastings Metcalf  was an American astronomer.
Gräfendorf is a municipality in the district of Main-Spessart in Bavaria in Germany, near Würzburg, Aschaffenburg and Frankfurt.
Imaginary numbers, represented by "i", are defined as formula_1.
Eric Stark Maskin  is an American economist who won a Nobel prize with Leonid Hurwicz and Roger Myerson, for economics in 2007.
Roger Bruce Myerson  is an American economist and co-winner, with Leonid Hurwicz and Eric Maskin, of the 2007 Nobel Prize in Economics "for having laid the foundations of mechanism design theory." He has made contributions as an economist, as an applied mathematician, and as a political scientist.
Mario Renato Capecchi  is an Italian-born American molecular geneticist who won the 2007 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine along with Sir Martin J.
Kaunas, also known by several other names, is the second largest city in Lithuania and was a former temporary capital.
Warp Technology is fictional technology created within science fiction.
Warp factor is a science fiction concept.
Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters  was a German-American astronomer, and one of the first to find asteroids.
Soest  is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
The history of Europe means all the time when humans lived in the European continent up to the present day.
World Games are international competion in several sports since first edition in 1981.
The Peace of Westphalia refers to the pair of treaties, the Treaty of Osnabrück and the Treaty of Münster, signed on May 15 and October 24 of 1648, which ended both the Thirty Years' War and the Eighty Years' War.
"Flanimals" is a children's and adults' book written by comedian Ricky Gervais.
"American Roulette" is a 1987 song by Robbie Robertson.
A trolleybus  is a bus, which get its power for the electric engine from a pair of powerlines, which is above the street.
The Exxon Valdez disaster was a shipping accident which happened in Prince William Sound, Alaska, United States, on March 24, 1989.
VanHool is a Belgian company, which builds buses.
The Battle of Antietam  was a battle fought on September 17, 1862.
791 Ani is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
792 Metcalfia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Spirited Away is an anime movie by Hayao Miyazaki.
Rachel Hannah Weisz  is an Academy Award-winning English actress.
Old French was the Romance dialect continuum spoken in the places of northern half of modern France and parts of modern Belgium and Switzerland from around 1000 to 1300.
Deborah Sampson was a woman that dressed as a man, so that she could join the American soldiers in the Revolutionary War.
Groundskeeper Willie is a fictional character in the long-running cartoon show "The Simpsons".
In philosophy, dialectic is an argument or conflict between different groups of people.
793 Arizona is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Hans Luther  was a German politician and Chancellor of Germany.
794 Irenaea is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
A crossover is a term in music.
Council of Trent was the 19th Ecumenical council of the Roman Catholic Church.
Du gamla, du fria is the national anthem of Sweden.
The Gospel of Matthew is a book of the Bible.
The Gospel of Mark is a book of the Bible.
The Gospel of Luke is a book of the Bible.
The Gospel of John is a book of the Bible.
Sofia Mihailovna Evdokimenko-Rotaru , simply known as Sofia Rotaru, is a popular Russian, Ukrainian, Moldavian and formerly Soviet singer, actress and producer.
The Epistle to the Romans or Letter to the Romans, is one of the letters written by Apostle Paul to a church elsewhere.
Moe Szyslak is a fictional character on the long running TV show The Simpsons.
The First Epistle to the Corinthians, or the First Letter to the Corinthians, is a long letter written by the Apostle Paul to the church in Corinth.
The Epistle to the Hebrews or Letter to the Hebrews is one of the letters of the New Testament.
Alan Kuo  is a Taiwanese rock singer and actor.
C-rock is short for Chinese rock music.
A mold consists of two plates and alighment pins for a sure fit.The upper and lower plate each having grooves and recesses for the actual product and the excess material.
Cleotha Lemon, Jr.
The Reformed churches are a group of Christian Protestant denominations that are historically related by a doctrine that is identical or similar to Calvinism.
The "Augsburg Confession", also known as the "Augustana" from its Latin name, "Confessio Augustana," is the most important confession of faith of the Lutheran Church.
Norbert Brainin, , was the first violinist of the Amadeus Quartet, one of the world's most highly regarded string quartets.
The Amadeus Quartet was a world famous string quartet founded in 1947.
Valeri Brainin, Russian/German musicologist, music manager, composer, and poet.
"Partisan Review" was an American political and literary quarterly published from 1934 to 2003, though it suspended publication between October 1936 and December 1937.
Poets who wrote much of their poetry in the Russian language.
Blue Eyed Soul is a term used to describe Soul and R&B music sung by white people.
Recherswil is a municipality in the district Wasseramt, in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Boston is a town and small port in Lincolnshire, on the east coast of England.
Stade is a city in Lower Saxony, Germany.
Stade is a district  in Lower Saxony, Germany.
Hasselt is a town about 7 km north of Zwolle, in the Dutch province of Overijssel.
A chain letter is a message that tries to cause the person who gets it to make copies of the letter and then pass them on to as many people as possible.
Stanisław Marcin Ulam  was a Polish mathematician who took part in the Manhattan project and proposed the design of Teller-Ulam of the thermonuclear weapons.
The Reichsuniversität Straßburg was founded 1941 by the National Socialists in Alsace.
The somatosensory system is a sensory system that detects experiences labelled as touch or pressure, temperature , pain  and those that belong to proprioception.
Schandmaul is a medieval folk rock band from Munich, Germany.
795 Fini is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
A flash  is a design or picture that is used in order to create a tattoo.
Itch  is an unpleasant sensation that leads to the desire or reflex to scratch.
Tony Hibbert  in an English footballer.
Leighton Baines is an English footballer who plays for Everton in the FA Premier League and moved there from Wigan Athletic in 2007.
Joseph Yobo  is a Nigerian footballer who plays for Everton in the FA Premier League.
Joleon Lescott is an English footballer who plays for Everton in the FA Premier League.
Mikel Arteta is a Spanish footballer who plays for Everton F.C.
"Ecchi" comes from the Japanese word meaning "lewd", "sexy", "lascivious", or "naughty" when used as an adjective, or it can mean to have sexual intercourse when it is used as a verb or noun.
John Winter  was a weather man for NBC's news channel WFLA-TV in Tampa, Florida.
Saskia van Uylenburgh  was the wife of the Dutch painter Rembrandt van Rijn and the model for some of the great artist's paintings and drawings.
The ecliptic is the apparent path that the Sun traces out in the sky during the year.
The janggu  is a traditional Korean drum.
The Kkwaenggwari  is a small gong used in a Korean folk music.
Singapore Changi Airport, or simply Changi Airport, is a large airport in Asia, particularly in the Southeast Asian region, and is the main airport in Singapore.
The Middle class describes people in the US who are not aristocrats nor underclass.
No Mercy 2007 was a professional wrestling event available on pay-per-view made by World Wrestling Entertainment .
Reverse osmosis is a separation process that uses pressure to force a solution through a membrane that keeps the solute on one side and lets the pure solvent to go to the other side.
Transport Layer Security  Protocol and its predecessor, Secure Sockets Layer , are cryptographic protocols that provide security and data integrity for communications over IP networks such as the Internet.
The Democratic-Republican Party was founded by Thomas Jefferson and James Madison in 1792.
Strict construction means a restriction of judicial interpretation.
Radio Luxembourg are an indie/pop band from Aberystwyth, Wales.
796 Sarita is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
797 Montana is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
798 Ruth is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Assisi is a town in Italy, in the region of Umbria.
The Federalist Party  was an American political party in the period 1792 to 1816.
The Maroon Berets are an elite armed force that was created by officers from the Turkish Army.
A coalition is an alliance, where the members work together.
International relations, is a branch of political science.
Political science is a branch of social science that is concerned with theory, description, analysis and prediction of political behavior, political systems and politics.
"Thnks fr th Mmrs" is a 2007 song by Fall Out Boy.
That's What You Get is a 2008 song by Paramore.
In dimensional analysis, a dimensionless quantity  is a quantity without any physical units and thus a pure number.
"Dancing with the Stars" is a television series where professional dancers are partnered with celebrities.
Tartu is the second largest city in Estonia.
"Infinity on High" is a 2007 album by Fall Out Boy.
"Yellow Submarine" is a 1968 animated cartoon movie, based on the music of The Beatles, and was inspired by their song of the same name.
A discrete cosine transform is a math process that is used to make things like MP3s, and JPEGs smaller.
799 Gudula is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Donald Tusk  is the Prime Minister of Poland .
French polishing is a way of giving a high standard of finish to wood.
The irregular bones are bones that from their peculiar form, cannot be grouped as long bone, short bone, flat bone or sesamoid bone.
In politics, representation describes how political power is given from a large group for a certain time period in the hands of a comparatively small group of its members.
Lag is when a computer game is slower then normal.
Sortition, also known as allotment, is a method of selection by some form of lottery.
The Round Table was a table used by King Arthur and his knights, in the legends about him.
This Ain't A Scene, It's an Arms Race is a 2007 single by Fall Out Boy, from the album "Infinity on High".
The Carpal Tunnel of Love is a 2007 single by Fall Out Boy.
"The Take Over, The Breaks Over"  is a 2007 song by the band Fall Out Boy.
Doge  is a word of an Italian dialect that comes from the Latin "dux" , that means "leader", especially in a military context.
Valverde is a province of the Dominican Republic.
800 Kressmannia is an S-type asteroid in the Flora family in the Main Belt.
Serket was an ancient Egyptian goddess.
Tempera  is a type of artist's paint.
Decision making is the mental process that leads to the selection of an action among several alternatives.
Trichotillomania , or "trich" as it is commonly known, is a disorder causing a person to take out hair from anywhere on the body, sometimes ending in notable areas without hair.
Terror is a state of fear, an overwhelming sense of imminent danger.
The Reign of Terror  or simply The Terror  was a period of about 11 months during the French Revolution.
A political faction is a grouping of individuals, especially within a political organisation, such as a political party, a trade union, or other group with a political purpose.
The French Constitution of 1791 was the very first written Constitution of France.
The Knights of the Round Table were characters in the legends about King Arthur.
In political science and constitutional law, the executive is the branch of government that is responsible for the day-to-day management of the state.
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change  is a group of scientists chosen by governments and other large groups from around the world who study the chance that humans may make the Earth heat up unnaturally.
The Zimmermann Telegram  was a telegram sent to Mexico from Germany on January 16, 1917.
The Battle of Stalingrad is a name used by most people in English sources for several large battles by Germany and its friends and Soviet forces conducted with the purpose of owning the city of "Stalingrad", which took place between 17 July 1942 and February 2 1943, during the Second World War.
World War I reparations means the payments and transfers of property and equipment that Germany was forced to make following its defeat during World War I.
"Richard III" is a history play written by William Shakespeare.
Lojban is an Engineered language that some people speak.
Annulment is a method in the Roman Catholic Church of undoing a marriage, similar to divorce.
Osroene , also known by the name of its capital city, Edessa , was a historic kingdom located on the present-day border of Syria and Turkey.
The BRIT Awards , are awards given yearly by the British Phonographic Industry  for outstanding work in music.
"Sound of the Underground" was a 2003 album by Girls Aloud.
"What Will The Neighbours Say?" was a 2004 album by Girls Aloud.
"Chemistry" was a 2005 album by Girls Aloud.
"The Sound of Girls Aloud" was a 2006 album by Girls Aloud that featured all of their most popular songs so far.
"Tangled Up" was a 2007 album by Girls Aloud.
Oil painting is a way of painting pictures with "pigments"  that are held together by the medium of oil.
John Law  was a Scottish economist who believed that money was only a means of exchange that did not have wealth in itself, and that national wealth depended on trade.
Below is a list of characters from the popular animated comedy television show The Simpsons.
The Edicts of Ashoka are a collection of 33 inscriptions on the "Pillars of Ashoka", as well as on large stones and cave walls, made by the Emperor Ashoka of the Mauryan dynasty during his reign from 272 to 231 BCE.
Proselytism is the practice of attempting to convert people to another opinion and, particularly, another religion.
The word Eastern Catholic Churches refers to a number of Christian Churches.
Ken Hitchcock  is a NHL ice hockey coach.
An armistice is the effective end of a war, when the parties agree to stop fighting.
The armistice treaty between the Allies, who fought Germany during World War I, and Germany was signed in a railway carriage in Compiègne Forest on November 11, 1918, and marked the end of the First World War on the Western Front.
"WWE SmackDown" is a professional wrestling television program for World Wrestling Entertainment  currently it is the only television broadcast for the SmackDown! brand.
Nationwide Arena is a sports arena located in Columbus, Ohio.
"The Beatles" is a 1968 album by the band of the same name, The Beatles.
Professor Albert Fert is a French physicist who was born on March 7 1938.
Professor Peter Andreas Grünberg is a German physicist who was born on May 18, 1939.
Easter White Eggplant is a plant of Nightshade family, related with aubergine ; Stem and leafstalks are green, or very faintly tinged with purple, and bear a few white spines.
Sienna Tiggy Guillory )  is an British-American actress and she used to be a model.
Super Mario Bros.
Sierra Mist is a lemon lime soft drink similar to 7 Up and Sprite.
Khan should not be confused with Kahn, which is a German surname.
"This article is about the title.
Crime in Russia is present in different forms.
Crime is present in various forms in India.
There are many incidents of violent crime against foreigner in India.
A birthmark is a mark on skin that some people are born with.
Pskov ) is an old city that can be found in the north-west of Russia about 20 km east from the Estonian border, on the Velikaya River.
Perth  is a royal burgh in the center of Scotland on the edge of the River Tay.
Nevermore is a metal band from Seattle in the USA.
Machine Head is a metal band from Oakland in California.
The Fritz Haber Institute of the Max Planck Society is a science research group in Dahlem, Berlin, Germany.
A Microformat is an attempt to re-use existing content in HTML and XML documents.
vCard is a standard document format for electronic business cards.
The British War Medal was a medal given to people who had fought in the First World War.
Michel Fourniret  is a French criminal.
The Amber-coloured Salamander  is a kind of salamander in the Hynobiidae family of animals.
The Clouded Salamander  is a type of salamander in the Hynobiidae family of animals.
Pontius Pilate  was the governor of the Roman Iudaea province from 26 until 36.
The Ezo Salamander or Hokkaido Salamander  is a kind of salamander in the Hynobiidae family of animals.
A stockbroker is someone who buys and sells stock on the stock exchange.
The Kori salamander, "Hynobius yangi", is a kind of salamander found in southeastern South Korea.
"Hynobius amjiensis" is a kind of salamander in the Hynobiidae family of animals.
Zutphen is a small city in the province of Gelderland in the Netherlands.
Satu Mare (pronunciation in Romanian:; is a city with a population of 160,421 people and is the capital of Satu Mare County, Romania.
Schwaz is a city in Tyrol, Austria.
The Philadelphia Phillies  are a Major League Baseball team.
Marc Dutroux  is a Belgian criminal.
Trento is an italian city that can be found in the Adige River valley in Südtirol.
Znojmo  is a town in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic, near the border with Lower Austria.
Candelaria is one of the 11 municipalities that make up the Mexican state of Campeche .
Šilalė  is a city in Tauragė County, Lithuania.
Rosignano Solvay  is a small town in the italian comune of Rosignano Marittimo in the province of Tuscany, Livorno.
Rolando Filidei born in 1914 in Navacchio and died in Rosignano Solvay in 1980.
Diplom  is a high level degree awarded for learning.
Traralgon is a regional city in Victoria, Australia.
Yerzin, Salih Yusupovich  - prominent Tatar businessman and patron of the arts who financed the construction of the largest mosque in Moscow .
Tatars are a Turkic-speaking ethnic group.
The Gupta Empire was ruled by members of the Gupta dynasty from around 320 to 550 AD and covered most of North-central India, Gupta Empire ; and what is now western India and Bangladesh.
The North Melbourne Football Club is a Australian football club.
The England national football team are a team who play association football for England.
Portman Road is the home association football ground of English club Ipswich Town F.C.
Norwich City F.C.
The G-Man is the mysterious character that constatly appears and interferes in the Valve Software games Half-Life, Half-Life 2, and.
Queens Park Rangers Football Club, is an English association football club from London.
801 Helwerthia is a C-type asteroid orbiting in the Main belt near the Eunomia family.
This is a list of colleges and universities in Bangkok, Thailand.
Former private residences of the Thai royal family .
802 Epyaxa is an asteroid belonging to the Flora family in the Main Belt.
Watford F.C.
Sheffield United F.C.
Barnsley F.C.
Birmingham City F.C.
Burnley F.C.
Azua is a province of the Dominican Republic.
Cardiff City F.C.
Colchester United F.C.
Coventry City F.C.
Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Crystal Palace F.C.
Hull City A.F.C.
Many periods have been called golden periods in the History of India, because there were different important achievements at different times.
Enoch Powell  was a British politician in the Conservative Party.
Monetarism is the belief that the right way for a government to manage a country's economy is to control how much money it prints.
Super Mario All-Stars is a video game made by NIntendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System game console.
is a 2002 video game made by Nintendo for the Nintendo GameCube.
African elephants are the two species of elephants in the genus "Loxodonta", one of the two existing genera in Elephantidae.
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland is the sovereign state.
Leeds United A.F.C.
The Acts of Union were a pair of Parliamentary Acts passed in 1706 and 1707 by, respectively, the Parliament of England and the Parliament of Scotland, to make effecrive the Treaty of Union which had been negotiated between the two countries.
El Paso is a village in the Potaro-Siparuni region of Guyana.
Iran is divided into 30 provinces .
The provinces of Iran are divided more into counties called shahrestan .
Tehran Province  is one of the 30 provinces of Iran.
Leicester City F.C.
Damavand County  is a county of the Tehran Province in Iran.
Eslamshahr County  is a county of the Tehran Province in Iran.
Firouzkouh County  is a county of the Tehran Province in Iran.
Karaj County  is a county of the Tehran Province in Iran.
Luton Town F.C.
Millwall F.C.
"Nazarabad County  is a county of the Tehran Province in Iran.
Pakdasht County  is a county of the Tehran Province in Iran.
Preston North End F.C.
Rey County  is a county of the Tehran Province in Iran.
Robat-Karim County  is a county of the Tehran Province in Iran.
Savojbolagh County  is a county of the Tehran Province in Iran.
Shahriar County  is a county of the Tehran Province in Iran.
Shemiranat County  is a county of the Tehran Province in Iran.
Tehran County  is a county of the Tehran Province in Iran.
Varamin County  is a county of the Tehran Province in Iran.
The New Den is a stadium in London, England.
"Untouched" is a 2007 song by the Australian band The Veronicas.
Les Cayes  is a town in southwest Haiti near the river "Ravine du Sud", on the Caribbean coast.
Spitz-type breeds of dog have long thick fur that is often white, and pointed ears and noses.
Southampton F.C.
Southend United F.C.
Stoke City F.C.
Stanley Matthews  was a famous English footballer.
Blackpool F.C.
The Articles of Confederation and Perpetual Union, also known as the Articles of Confederation, was the first governing document, or constitution, of the United States of America.
The United States of America developed from the British colonies that argued against British tax with the phrase, "No taxation without representation".
A power law is a mathematical function, a rule to find one number  from another number .
formula_10 "c" can be any number and "a" can be any number bigger than zero.
A computer file is a means to store information that belongs together.
A file is a tool.
Sheffield Wednesday F.C.
De Wallen  are the biggest and most famous red-light district in Amsterdam.
Wolverhampton Wanderers are an English association football club.
A.F.C.
Jamie Redknapp is an English footballer.
Bradford City A.F.C.
Arenal Volcano National Park is a national park located in the northwest region of Costa Rica.
Faded is a 2006 song by Kate DeAraugo, the winner of Australian Idol in 2005.
Emergency is a 2005 song by Paramore.
Professor Roger David Kornberg is an American biochemist who was born on.
"All We Know Is Falling" is the debut album the band Paramore.
A businessperson  is someone who works at an job that focuses on making money.
Werl is a town found in the district of Soest in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
In geometry, a tangent is a straight line that touches a curve at one point.
The History of North America deals with an area where humans came to live relatively recently, compared to Africa, Europe, and Asia.
Brentford City F.C.
Harry Redknapp is an English association football manager.
PDF is most commonly means the Portable Document Format in computing.
A cough, also known as tussis is a sudden, often repeated, spasmodic contraction of the thoracic cavity, resulting in violent release of air from the lungs, and usually accompanied by a distinctive sound.
A creation myth is a story.
Tarantula is the common name for a group of "hairy" and often very large spiders belonging to the family Theraphosidae, of which approximately 900 species have been identified.
A hunter-gatherer society is one who lives from edible plants and animals from the wild, by gathering and hunting.
File formats are also known as file types.
803 Picka is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Lascaux is the name given to a number of caves in southwestern France famous for their cave paintings.
Bobby Charlton  used to be an English footballer who played for the England national football team.
Gary Lineker used to play association football.
Geoff Hurst used to be a professional footballer.
The Parliament of Scotland, officially the Estates of Parliament, was the legislature of the independent Kingdom of Scotland.
Coco Island is one of the most beautiful tropical islands in the world.
Decoritidae is one of five families of the Gastriocerataceae superfamily.
Gastriocerataceae is one of 17 superfamilies of the Goniatitina suborder.
Goniatitina is one of 2 suborders of the Goniatitida order.
Alf Ramsey was an English footballer and football manager.
Qom is one of the 30 provinces of Iran with an area 11,237 km².
Qom County  is a county of the Qom Province in Iran.
"Markazi  is one of the 30 provinces of Iran.
Ashtian County  is a county of the Markazi Province in Iran.
Arak County  is a county of the Markazi Province in Iran.
Delijan County  is a county of the Markazi Province in Iran.
Khomein County  is a county of the Markazi Province in Iran.
Komeijan County  is a county of the Markazi Province in Iran.
Mahallat County  is a county of the Markazi Province in Iran.
Saveh County  is a county of the Markazi Province in Iran.
Shazand  is a county of the Markazi Province in Iran.
Tafresh County  is a county of the Markazi Province in Iran.
Zarandieh County  is a county of the Markazi Province in Iran.
"E.T.
Sir Alex Ferguson is a Scottish association football manager.
Throughout the month,the moon goes through lunar phases.
The Tocharians were the Indo-European language-speaking inhabitants of the Tarim basin.
Information technology is the use of electronic computers and computer software to convert, store, protect, process, transmit, and securely retrieve information.
The history of Asia can be seen as the history of several distinct regions, East Asia, South Asia, and the Middle East that have more or less context depending of the situation in the central Eurasian steppe.
Generally, a periphery is a boundary or outer part of any space or body.
The International Mathematical Olympiad  is a six-question two-day math competition for students that have not yet went to college and are under 20 years old.
Edmund Strother "Ned" Phelps, Jr.
Nanotechnology is a field of applied science and technology that is about the control of matter on the atomic and molecular scale, generally 100 nanometers or smaller, and the development of devices with critical dimensions that lie within that size range.
Hattem is a municipality and a city in the eastern Netherlands.
Alex McLeish is a Scottish association football manager.
Oscar Arias, born on 13 September 1940 in the city of Heredia, is the current President of Costa Rica.
Universal History, World History or Global History examines history from a global perspective.
A brewery is a building, where beer is made or a business  whose trade is the production and sale of beer.
Butane is an alkane.
Liquefied petroleum gas  is a mixture of hydrocarbon gases.
Aerosol spray is system used in certain containers, like spray cans.
Max Born  was a German physicist and mathematician who was important for the development of quantum mechanics.
The United Nations Office for Outer Space Affairs  is a branch of the United Nations General Assembly.
Professor Craig Cameron Mello is an American biologist and Professor of Molecular Medicine at the University of Massachusetts Medical School in Worcester, Massachusetts.
Wooden Barque Built in Whitehaven, by Robert Hardy.
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi  was an Indian guru .
Brighton and Hove Albion F.C.
Bristol City F.C.
"Chesterfield F.C.
Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Huddersfield Town F.C.
In Hinduism and Buddhism Sanskaras are the faint memories left on your mind by experiences you had in your present life or in past lives.
"Supernanny" is a television program about a nanny, or baby sitter named Jo Frost who helps parents in taking care of their naughty children.
"For other types of keyboards, please see Keyboard ." A computer keyboard is an important device that allows a computer user to enter characters (e.g.
The term rhythm guitar refers to the style of playing a guitar by strumming chords, and sometimes playing repeated riffs, instead of using the guitar to play melody lines or soloes.
The Book of Revelation, which is sometimes called Revelation to John, Apocalypse of John, or Revelation of Jesus Christ is the last book of the New Testament in the Bible.
Theodor Fontane  was a German novelist and poet, regarded by many to be the most important 19th-century German-language realist writer.
The Argument of perihelion, also known as argument of periapsis or argument of perifocus  is the orbital element describing the angle of an orbiting body's periapsis , relative to its ascending node .
Pachelbel's Canon  is the most famous piece of music by Johann Pachelbel.
Damme is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders, six kilometres northeast of Brugge .
A hit record is a recording  that becomes very popular, through large sales of copies, repeated airplay, or presence in the media.
The Pauline epistles are the fourteen New Testament books which most Christians think were written by the Apostle Paul.
Viljandi  is a town and municipality in southern Estonia.
Sinners in the Hands of an Angry God is famous sermon that was preached by Jonathan Edwards in 1741.
A physical constant is a size, something that has been measured, which has a special meaning for physics.
Cookstown is a small town in Northern Ireland which is in the United Kingdom.
Dungannon is a town in Northern Ireland, in the United Kingdom.
Coagh is a village in Northern Ireland, in the United Kingdom.
Stewartstown is a village in Northern Ireland, in the United Kingdom.
Ballymena is a town in Northern Ireland, in the United Kingdom.
The Society of St.John the Evangelist is an Anglican order.
Magherafelt is a small town in Northern Ireland, in the United Kingdom.
A constituent country is a country which makes up a part of a larger country, or federation.
Leyton Orient F.C.
Northampton Town F.C.
There are six counties which make up Northern Ireland.
Nottingham Forest F.C.
Brian Clough was an English association football manager.
The Irish national grid reference system is the system of grid references used in Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.
Since 1 October 1973, Northern Ireland is made of 26 districts.
In the United Kingdom, a post town is the town that you must write on a letter if you want it to go to that area.
The Hudson Motor Car Company was an American automobile manufacturer, founded in Detroit, Michigan in 1909.
The BT postcode area  is how each area in Northern Ireland has postcodes.
The Northern Ireland Fire and Rescue Service  is the fire service for Northern Ireland, United Kingdom.
The Northern Ireland Ambulance Service  is the ambulance service for Northern Ireland, United Kingdom.
Września is a small town in Wielkopolska province in Poland.
The Police Service of Northern Ireland   is the police service that covers Northern Ireland.
The Grameen Bank is a community development bank started in Bangladesh, India.
On Sunday 29 April 2001 the United Kingdom Government held a census.
A hug is an embrace between two or more people.
The World Wrestling Entertainment  Intercontinental Championship is a professional wrestling championship in World Wrestling Entertainment.
This is a list of Members of the European Parliament for the United Kingdom who were voted to serve from 2004 to 2009.
Polygamy is a word that comes from late Greek.
Rickenbach is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Neal Cassady  was a member of the Beat Generation circle of writers and poets, of the 1950s and 1960s.
Riedholz is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Northern Ireland is a constituency of the European Parliament.
Feldbrunnen-St.Niklaus is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Rodersdorf is a municipality in the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland, on the border of Alsace, France.
The Beat Generation was a movement of writers, poets, and artists during the 1950s and 1960s, who liked the beat of jazz and bebop music, which became a kind of soundtrack to much of their lives and work.
The Brill Building in New York City was a headquarters for many songwriters in the 1950s and 1960s.
Chris Stewart is an English musician and writer.
Driving over Lemons was the first autobiographical book by Chris Stewart.
Jonathan  Silver was the second drummer for the English rock band Genesis.
John Mayhew is an English - Australian musician.
Larches are conifers in the genus "Larix".
Louise Goodman is one of two pitlane reporters for ITV's Formula One coverage.
The Second Epistle to the Corinthians is one of the books in the New Testament.
Visby is the only city on the Swedish island of Gotland.
Kollam   is a city and a municipal corporation in Kollam district in the Indian state of Kerala.
804 Hispania is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Aiglun is a town and commune of the Alpes-Maritimes "département", in southeastern France.
Alpes-Maritimes  is a department in the southeast corner of France.
The "commune" is the lowest of administrative division in the French Republic.
The cantons of France are area divisions of the French Republic's 341 arrondissements and 100 departments.
The 100 French departments are divided into 342 "arrondissements".
__TOC__ Lists by departments.
Overseas departments of France .
The Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh  is the husband of Queen Elizabeth II.
George IV  was king of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and Hanover from 29 January 1820 until his death.
William IV  was King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and of Hanover from 26 June 1830 until his death.
The use of energy is very important to move along the human society by helping it to change to fit the problems facing the environment.
A transformer is a machine that moves electrical energy from one circuit to another through electromagnetism.
Ballycastle is a small town in Northern Ireland, in the United Kingdom.
Bangor is a town in County Down, Northern Ireland.
Munich is a rural district in Upper Bavaria in south Bavaria, Germany.
With Act of Union 1800   is used to describe two Acts are meant.
Ebersberg is a rural district in Upper Bavaria in south Bavaria, Germany.
Freising is a rural district in Upper Bavaria in south Bavaria, Germany.
Starnberg is a rural district in Upper Bavaria in south Bavaria, Germany.
Traunstein is a rural district in Upper Bavaria in south Bavaria, Germany.
Berchtesgadener Land is a rural district in Upper Bavaria in south Bavaria, Germany.
Rosenheim is a rural district in Upper Bavaria in south Bavaria, Germany.
Banne is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in southern France.
Ardèche  is a department in the center of southern France.
This is a list of the 339 communes of the Ardèche "département" in France.
Accons is a town and commune in the Ardèche "département", in the south part of France.
Ailhon is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the south part of France.
Aizac is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Muhammad Yunus is a Bangladeshi banker and economist who was born on June 28 1940.
John Keats  was an English poet.
Keats called the poem "A Poetical Romance." He wrote in four sections or "Books," and each section is about a thousand lines long.
"Hyperion" is one of the major poems of the English Romantic poet John Keats.
Arlo Guthrie  is an American musician and songwriter, and is the son of folk music legend Woody Guthrie.
A Sonnet is a kind of poem.
If a person has one number "a" and another smaller number "b", he can make the ratio of the two numbers by dividing them.
A relational database is a database where the data it contains can be expressed with mathematical relations.
The Kingdom of Scotland was a historic country.
Ajoux is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Alba-la-Romaine is a commune of the French département Ardèche.
Albon-d'Ardèche is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Alboussière is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Alissas is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
The arrondissement of Largentière is an arrondissement of France.
The arrondissement of Privas is an arrondissement of France.
Jackson is a city in lower mid-Michigan.
Protostomes  are a taxon of animals.
Earth is a city in Lamb County, Texas, United States.
"Amazing Grace" is a 2006 movie about the fight to end the slave trade in 18th century Britain.
In mathematics, a relation is used to describe certain properties of things.
Maria Isabel Carvajal  was a Costa Rican writer and teacher.
How Pop Can You Get? was the first and only album by American band The Bats.
San Pedro de Macorís is a province of the Dominican Republic.
Kurtis Eugene "Kurt" Warner  is the quarterback for the Arizona Cardinals.
Skokie, Illinois is a village in the American state of Illinois.
WAV , short for Waveform audio format, is a Microsoft and IBM audio file format standard for storing an audio bitstream on PCs.
Lyman Frank Baum  was an American writer of children's books during the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
The Old Testament book of Jonah, contains four chapters, and forty-eight verses.
The Book of Malachi, is the last of the books of the Old Testament.
Trey Lewis  is an NFL football player.
Polotsk  is a historical city in Belarus, located on the Dvina river.
Andance is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Annonay is a town and commune in the north part of the Ardèche "département" of France.
Antraigues-sur-Volane is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Arcens is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Ardoix is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Arlebosc is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Arras-sur-Rhône is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Asperjoc is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Les Assions is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Astet is a commune of the Ardèche "département" in the southern part of France.
Aubenas is a city and commune in the southern part of the Ardèche "département".
Aubignas is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Baix is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Balazuc is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Barnas is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
"Beggars Banquet" is an album by British band The Rolling Stones.
Hyles-Anderson College is located in Crown Point, Indiana.
Simon Fraser University  is a Canadian university.
Albi is a city in the south of France, in Midi-Pyrénées department.
"Bambi II", originally called "Bambi and the Great Prince" and then "Bambi and the Great Prince of the Forest", is a 2006 midquel to the 1942 movie "Bambi".
The Deportivo Saprissa is a football team of Costa Rica.
Chirripó National Park is a national park in Costa Rica.
Santa Rosa.
Bandera Azúl Ecologica is a program.
Sarchi is located in a small country call Costa Rica.
José Figueres Ferrer (September 25, 1906 - June 8, 1990 was president of Costa Rica three times.
The jaw is the bone in the mouth that, in humans, lets the mouth move up and down in order to chew.
The Battle of Santa Rosa was a battle between the forces of Costa Rica and those of Nicaragua.
Editus is a recognized Costa Rican music group formed by Ricardo Ramírez, Edín Solís and Carlos “Tapado” Vargas.
San José is the capital and largest city of Costa Rica.
Cow Parade is one of the largest public art events of the world.
The Poás Volcano is an active volcano near the town of Poás, Alajuela, Costa Rica.
Gandhi is a rock band from Costa Rica.
Clodomiro Picado Twight  was a Nicaraguan born Costa Rican scientist.
"From Me To You" is a song by The Beatles, written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney.
Ephesians, is the forty-ninth book in the Christian Bible, and the tenth in the New Testament.
Endymion is a human character in Greek mythology.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge  was an English poet.
805 Hormuthia is a small planet orbiting or going around the Sun in the asteroid belt.
"With the Beatles" is The Beatles' second UK album.
"Beatles for Sale" is The Beatles' fourth album.
"Rubber Soul" is the sixth album by The Beatles.
"Abbey Road" is the twelfth official album recorded by The Beatles.
"Magical Mystery Tour" is a 1967 television movie made by The Beatles.
In economics, hyperinflation is inflation that is "out of control," when prices increase very fast as money loses its value.
Brian May  is a guitar player and songwriter.
John Richard Deacon  is a retired English musician.
Roger Taylor  is an English musician.
Le Béage is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Beauchastel is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Beaulieu is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Paul Rodgers,  is an English rock singer and songwriter.
Beaumont is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Beauvène is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Rouffiac-des-Corbières is a village in Frace.
Berrias-et-Casteljau is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Berzème is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Bessas is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Bidon is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Boffres is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Bogy is a commune of the Ardèche "département" in the southern part of France.
Borée is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Borne is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Boucieu-le-Roi is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Boulieu-lès-Annonay is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Bourg-Saint-Andéol is a small commune of the Ardèche "département" in the Rhône Valley in the southern part of France.
Bozas is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Brossainc is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Burzet is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Cellier-du-Luc is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Chalencon is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Le Chambon is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Chambonas is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
"Queen" is the self-titled first album from the English rock band Queen, released in 1973.
"Queen II" is the second album by English rock band Queen, originally released in 1974.
"Sheer Heart Attack" is a Queen album from 1974.
Peyrepertuse castle is one of the Cathar castles.
Remlingen is a municipality in district Wolfenbüttel.
Bryan Ruiz Gonzalez was born in August 18, 1985 in San Jose, Costa Rica.
Jacó is a town on the coast in Costa Rica's Puntarenas province.
Irazu Volcano National Park is considered one most important and biggest active volcanoes of Costa Rica.
It is located in the Caribbean coast  Puerto Viejo is one of the most beautiful places that you can find in Costa Rica, because many species of animals and plants live there.
Cathar castles  is a term used by the French tourist industry; It used for castles in the Languedoc-Roussillion, usually built during the crusades against the Cathars.
The Château d'Usson is one of the Cathar castles that is now in southwestern France.
Sertab Erener  is a Turkish pop music singer.
A digital download is when a song is released to be purchased from the internet, and not one that comes on a CD.
The Scout movement  is a youth movement.
The History of Indonesia or more precisely of the Indonesian archipelago in South East Asia with 17,508 islands goes back to "Homo erectus" .
Leviticus is the third book of both the Bible, and the Torah.
Professor John Cromwell Mather Virginia is an American astrophysicist and cosmologist who was born on August 7, 1946, Roanoke.
The Book of Joshua is the sixth book of the Christian Bible, and also the sixth book of the Hebrew Tanakh.
Homeschooling is a form of education where the parent or guardian is the instructor.
Shinjuku Station is a train station located in Shinjuku and Shibuya wards in Tokyo, Japan.
The Dominican city of San Pedro de Macorís is the head municipality of the San Pedro de Macorís province, on the southeast of the country.
The Epistle to the Galatians  is the forty-eighth book in the Bible , written by the Apostle Paul.
The Neanderthal , or Neandertal, was a species of the "Homo" genus   which lived in Europe and parts of western and central Asia.
Oldenzaal is a municipality and a town in the eastern Netherlands, near the border with Germany.
"Homo erectus"  is an extinct species of the genus "Homo".
Paramilitary is a way to describe forces that are organised like military forces, but that do not have the same status.
Champagne is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Champis is a commune of the Ardèche "département" in the southeastern part of France.
Chandolas is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Chanéac is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Charmes-sur-Rhône is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Charnas is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
The Paleolithic  is a prehistoric era distinguished by the development of the first stone tools.
In archaeology, a biface is a two-sided stone tool, made through a process of lithic reduction, that shows flake scars on both sides.
Bolas  are a throwing weapon made of weights on the ends of interconnected cords, designed to capture animals by entangling their legs.
Howard Robard Hughes, Jr.
Tarzan is a character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs.
"Surfer Rosa" is the first music album by the Pixies.
OK Go is a rock band from Chicago.
The Death zone is the name for high altitude where there is not enough oxygen for humans to breathe.
George Fitzgerald Smoot III is an American Professor of astrophysics and cosmology.
Soundgarden was an American rock band.
2658 Gingerich  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 13, 1980 by Harvard College at Agassiz Station.
10051 Albee  is a Mars-crossing Asteroid that was found on August 23, 1987 by E.
10099 Glazebrook  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 4, 1991 by the Spacewatch project at Kitt Peak.
11519 Adler  is a main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 8, 1991 by E.
10178 Iriki  is a Main belt Asteroid that was found on February 18, 1996 by T.
16154 Dabramo  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 1, 2000 by A.
3611 Dabu  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 20, 1981 by Purple Mountain Observatory at Nanking.
7217 Dacke  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 22, 1979 by C.-I.
1864 Daedalus is a Apollo asteroid, Venus-crosser asteroid, and Mars-crosser asteroid that was found on March 24, 1971 by Gehrels, T.
The Book of Judges is the seventh book in both the Christian Bible , and the Jewish Tanakh.
Black people are a ethnic group, like white people and Hispanics.
The Book of "Ruth"  is the eight book of the Old Testament , and the Tanakh .
The "Mesolithic," or "Middle Stone Age"  was a period in the development of human technology between the Paleolithic and Neolithic periods of the Stone Age.
The Epipaleolithic or "peripheral old stone age" is a term used for the hunter-gatherer cultures that existed after the end of the last ice age, before the Neolithic.
The Neolithic Revolution was the first agricultural revolution—the transition from nomadic hunting and gathering communities and bands to agriculture and settlement.
The British Army is the land armed forces branch of the British Armed Forces.
"Mario Kart" is a series of racing video games made by Nintendo.
The Melbourne City Loop is where Melbourne, Victoria's railway lines meet.
Percy Bysshe Shelley  was an English poet of the early nineteenth century.
Adem Çevik  a Turkish writer, teacher and researcher.
Romani or Romany  is the language of the Roma and Sinti.
Fudge is a candy that can be rich and can have the flavor of cocoa.
Sinti or Sinta (Singular masc.=Sinto; sing.
Strapping Young Lad is a Metal band from Vancouver, Canada.
Rock climbing is a sport where someone uses his hands and feet to climb up a rock or a artifical climbing wall.
Douglas James Henning  was a Canadian magician, illusionist and escape artist.
Rancid are an influential ska-punk band formed in 1991 in Albany, California by Tim Armstrong and Matt Freeman.
Glen Canyon Dam is a large dam on the Colorado River.
"Superunknown" is the fourth studio album by the American rock band Soundgarden.
Badmotorfinger is the third studio album by the American rock band Soundgarden.
11571 Daens is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 20, 1993 by E.
2297 Daghestan is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 1, 1978 by N.
1669 Dagmar  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 07, 1934 by Reinmuth, K.
806 Gyldenia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Bernoulli's principle in a concept in fluid dynamics.
The Book of Proverbs is a book in both the Tanakh , and the Old Testament .
Welwitschia or "Welwitschia mirabilis" is know as one the oldest living plants.
Butterbur is the name of a group of low grass plants with leaves in the form of a heart.
Death Angel is a thrash metal band from Concord, California.
Arch Enemy is a death metal band from Sweden.
Living fossil refers to life forms which have survived for a long time, and which can still be found today.
Caliban is a metal band from Hattingen, Germany.
NetBSD is an open source version of the Unix-derivative BSD computer operating system.
Soilwork is a death metal band from Helsingborg, Sweden.
Lamb of God is a metal band from Richmond, Virginia.
A Carabiner is a metal loop, which can be opened on one side.
"Cyclamen" is a genus of 20 species of flowering plants, classified in the family Myrsinaceae.
Bambi is the main character in Felix Salten's book "Bambi, A Life in the Woods".
Grigri is a securing device for rock climbing.
Thumper is a fictional rabbit in the Disney movies "Bambi" and "Bambi II".
Jacmel  is a city in southeast Haiti, on the Caribbean coast, at the mouth of the river "Grande Rivière de Jacmel".
The Honda S2000 is a roadster created by the car company Honda.
Narre Warren Railway Station is a railway station in Metcard Zone 2, located in Narre Warren, Victoria.
A Premium station is a term used in the Melbourne train system for a station where there are better things than the other stations.
Gary the Snail is a animated fictional character in the Nickelodeon childrens television series "Spongebob Squarepants".
Walker Percy  was an American author.
Talcott Parsons  was a American who created an idea called structural functionalism.
Edward Hopper  was an American painter.
Elias Canetti  was an Austrian-British Jewish author who wrote "Crowds and Power".
Gao Xingjian , is a French Chinese émigré writer.
English Renaissance drama, or English Renaissance theatre, means the stage plays written and acted in the later 16th century and the first half of the 17th century, during the Renaissance period in England.
Blank verse means poetry that does not use rhyme.
807 Ceraskia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
Altamira  is a cave in Spain famous for its Upper Paleolithic cave paintings featuring drawings and coloured paintings of wild mammals and human hands.
FC Kuban  is a Russian football club based in Krasnodar.
SM-liiga is the top professional ice hockey league in Finland.
The aurochs or urus  was a very large type of cattle, that was once very common in Europe but is extinct now.
Privas is a commune of France and a "préfecture"  of the Ardèche "département".
Guilherand-Granges is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Tournon-sur-Rhône is a commune of the Ardèche "département", in France.
The Battle of Marion  was a military engagement in the American Civil War that occurred when Major General George Stoneman, commander of the Union Army in Kentucky and Tennessee, raided Southwestern Virginia.
FC Angusht Nazran are a Russian football club from Nazran.
The Union Army was the name of the army that fought for the Union during the American Civil War.
The Confederate States Army  was organized in February 1861 to defend the newly formed Confederate States of America from military action by the United States government during the American Civil War.
Stand Watie  (also known as Degataga meaning to "stand firm" and Isaac S.
George Stoneman, Jr.
Cornas is a French "commune" that can be found in the département of Ardèche in the region of Rhône-Alpes.
Military history is the history of what happened in the history of humanity that are considered to be conflicts.
Coux is a commune of the Ardèche "département" in the south-east of France.
Cruas is a village and commune that can be found by the Rhône River in the Ardèche "département" of France.
Davézieux is a village and commune in the Ardèche "département" in the center of southern France.
Désaignes is a village and commune in the Ardèche "département" in the southern part of France.
Félines is a commune of the Ardèche "département" in the south-east of France.
Jaujac is a town and commune in the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Joyeuse is the name of Charlemagne's sword.
Joyeuse is a "commune" in the French department of Ardèche in the region of Rhône-Alpes.
Labégude is a town and commune in the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Lachapelle-sous-Aubenas is a village and commune in the Ardèche "département" of the center of southern France.
The Chauvet Cave or Chauvet-Pont-d'Arc Cave lies at N 44° 21' and E 4° 29' 24", near "Vallon-Pont-d'Arc", in the Ardèche département, in southern France.
A druid was a member of the priestly and learned class in the pre-Christian, ancient Celtic societies.
Lalevade-d'Ardèche is a village and commune in the Ardèche "département" in the center of southern France.
Lamastre is a village and commune in the Ardèche "département" in the center of southern France.
Lavilledieu is a "commune" in the Ardèche "département" in the southern part of France.
Saint-Péray is a town and commune in the Ardèche "département", in the southern part France.
La Voulte-sur-Rhône is a village and commune in the Ardèche "département" in the center of southern France.
Viviers is a commune in the French "département" of Ardèche.
Druidism or Druidry  is a form of modern spirituality that generally promotes harmony with nature, often through the form of nature worship.
"Shutter" is an American film released on March 21, 2008.
Rajput constitute one of the major Hindu Kshatriya groups from India.
A Metcard is a type of ticket used to use public transport in Melbourne, Australia.
Piety  is generally used to refer either to Religious devotion or to spirituality.
"Anne of Green Gables" is a book by Canadian author Lucy Maud Montgomery.
Secondary sex characteristics are features that make it easy to tell the sexes of a species apart.
 is a spirit or ghost is able to move and influence objects.
The Pura Cup  is a first class cricket competition in Australia.
Mercy can refer both to a compassionate behavior on the part of those in power (e.g.
Tatnet  is the name Tatar-speaking Internet users commonly use for the "segment of Internet" about the Tatar people.
Tatarstan is an autonomous republic within Russia.
Charles Waddell Chesnutt  is an African-American writer.
The Kansas City Royals is a Major League Baseball team at Kansas City, Missouri.
Edwidge Danticat  is a Haitian born American writer.
The Detroit Pistons are a team of the National Basketball Association, and are located in Detroit, Michigan.
The History of Africa begins from the first modern human beings and leads to its present difficult state as a politically developing continent.
The history of America is the history of North and South America, including Central America and the Caribbean.
A lifeguard is a person on the beach who looks out for people and saves them if they are drowning, or if their are problems.
"A Night at the Opera" is a Queen album from 1975.
"A Day at the Races" is a Queen album from 1976.
"News of the World" is the seventh studio album from the English rock band Queen, released in 1977.
"The Scream" is a painting made by Edvard Munch.
808 Merxia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt.
"Jazz" is a 1978 album by English rock band Queen.
"The Game" is a rock album by English band Queen released June 30, 1980.
Flash Gordon is a 1980 album by English rock band Queen.
Mark Warwick Fordham Speight  was a British TV presenter.
Mettingen is a municipality in the district of Steinfurt, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Mauves is a village and commune of the Ardèche "département" in the center of southern France.
Mercuer is a village and commune of the Ardèche "département" in the center of southern France.
Le Pouzin is a village and commune of the Ardèche "département" in the center of southern France.
Quintenas is a village and commune of the Ardèche "département" in the center of southern France.
Rochemaure is a "commune" in the Ardèche "département" in the southern part of France.
Rosières is a commune of the Ardèche "département" in the south-eastern part of France.
Ruoms is a "commune" of the Ardèche "département" in the southern part of France.
Ucel is a town and commune in the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
"Tokio Jokio" is a 1943 Looney Tunes short movie directed by U.S.
This is a list of Solar System objects by orbit, by distance from the sun.
This is a list of numbered minor planets, nearly all of them asteroids, in sequential order.
The  were the most powerful feudal rulers from the 10th century to the early 19th century in Japan following the Shogun.
"Evil on Your Mind" is the name of a popular Country music song, originally made famous by Grand Ole Opry star, Jan Howard in 1966.
Jan Howard  is an American Country Music Singer and Grand Ole Opry star.
Howell County is a county located in the U.S.
Oregon County is a county located in the U.S.
The Oregon Territory is the name applied both to the unorganized Oregon Country claimed by both the United States and Britain , as well as to the organized U.S.
A continental divide is a line of elevated terrain which forms a border between two watersheds such that water falling on one side of the line eventually travels to one ocean or body of water, and water on the other side travels to another, generally on the opposite side of the continent.
Terrain, or relief, is the third or vertical dimension of land surface.
A Hukah  or shisha  or  is a certain kind of Water pipe.
The First Baptist Church of Hammond  is a fundamental Independent Baptist church in Hammond, Indiana.
Yves Chauvin  is a French chemist.
Robert H.
Billabong is an Australian word.
A console manufacturer is a company that makes and sells video game consoles.
Video games were introduced as an entertainment medium in 1971, becoming the start for a big entertainment industry in the late 1970s/early 1980s in the United States, Japan, and Europe.
Jimboomba is a town in south east Queensland, Australia, with around 1,400 inhabitants.
The Bats is an American band.
The Prince Charles, Prince of Wales , is the eldest son of Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.
Formaldehyde  is a chemical compound.
Tulu is a language spoken in the south India mainly in states of Karnataka and Kerala.
SMart is a long running children’s art show.
"Hot Space" is an album by English rock band Queen, released in 1982.
"The Works" is a 1984 pop/rock album by English band Queen.
"A Kind of Magic" is a 1986 album by English rock band Queen.
"The Miracle" is a 1989 album by English rock band Queen.
"Innuendo" is a 1991 album by English rock band Queen.
"Made in Heaven" is Queen's fifteenth studio album, released in November 1995.
The Sassanid Empire or Sassanian Dynasty  is the name used for the third Iranian dynasty and the second Persian Empire .
Edguy is a metal band from Fulda, Germany.
Turbonegro is a punk band from Oslo, Norway.
Cheeks are the area of the face under the eyes and between the nose and the ears.
Simony means that one pays for an office or a position in the hierarchy of Christian church.
Flesh is the soft part of the body between the skin and the bones.
A locomotive is the part of a train that makes the train move.
"The Man Who Knew Too Much" is a 1934 suspense movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock and released by the Gaumont British company.
A regent is a position of government in a country where there is a monarchy .
Transcendental Meditation, or TM, is a certain way to do meditation.
or Honshu is the biggest island of Japan.
"Most Haunted Live" is a British paranormal television program based on investigating possible paranormal activity.
Gerolamo Cardano or Girolamo Cardano  was a celebrated Italian Renaissance mathematician, physician, astrologer and gambler.
Violent crime means a crime where the offenders use violence upon the victim.
Roentgenium  is a chemical element.
The Michigan International Speedway  is a two-mile  long racetrack.
International health means two different, but related, things.
Salam or salaam  is an Arabic word that literally means "the peace", but is also used as a general greeting, abowe all in Arabian countries and by the Muslims, but also in other countries where Islam is important.
"Tekken" is a fighting video game series made by a gaming company called "Namco".
"Tekken 3" is a fighting video game made by Namco and was released in 1998.
"Tekken Tag Tournament" is an update to Tekken 3.
"Tekken 4" is a fighting video game made by Namco.
Discussion means talking about something with other people in order to reach some kind of decision.
"Tekken 5" is a fighting video game made by Namco.
"Tekken 6" is a fighting video game made by Namco.
"Sola scriptura"  means "The Bible only".
Human Rights Watch is an international non-governmental organization.
Arms trafficking is smuggling of weapons and ammunition.
Sola fide means "Faith only".
The Society of Jesus  is a Roman Catholic Church religious order whose members are called Jesuits, "Soldiers of Christ", and "Foot soldiers of the Pope", because the founder, Saint Ignatius of Loyola, was a knight before becoming a priest.
The Rosenhan experiment is a test in psychiatry.
Chassiers is a town and commune in the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Châteaubourg is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
Châteauneuf-de-Vernoux is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.
The Order of Preachers  is a Roman Catholic religious order.
M>Train was a train operator of half of Melbourne's suburban railway network.
A diploma is a certificate you receive when you have studied on a subject with good results.
The Authorized King James Version is an English translation of the Christian Bible.
809 Lundia is a small, binary, V-type asteroid orbiting in the Flora family in the Main Belt.
Hato Mayor is a Dominican province; it is located in the eastern part of the country.
Steinfurt is a "Kreis"  in the northern part of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Rheine is a city in the district of Steinfurt, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Recke is a municipality in the district of Steinfurt, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Bryggen , also known as Tyskebryggen , is a series of Hanseatic commercial buildings found on the eastern side of the fjord coming into Bergen, Norway.
Ibbenbüren or Ibbenbueren is a medium-sized town in the district of Steinfurt, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Westerkappeln is a municipality in the district of Steinfurt, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Osnabrück  is a district  in Lower Saxony, Germany.
Michelle Jacquet Branch-Landau  is an American singer, songwriter and guitarist.
The domestic rabbit is the domesticated form of the European Rabbit .
The scanning electron microscope  is a type of electron microscope that images the sample surface by scanning it with a high-energy beam of electrons in a raster scan pattern.
Leporidae is a mammal family in the order Lagomorpha.
Casimir III the Great   was the King of Poland from 1333 until 1370.
"Thunbergia" Retz.
The Pillows  is a Japanese rock band made in 1989.
Poland does not have an official state motto Three words "Bóg, Honor, Ojczyzna" , are the most often used lines in banners.
The Rio Negro is a river which flows through the amazon rainforest in north-western Brazil, in the state of Amazonas.
Castella  is a sponge cake produced in Japan.
Mallow  is the "Crossroads of Munster" and the administrative capital of north County Cork, in Ireland.
This list displays the 7 pilot and all 233 episodes of Gumby.
Sri Krishnadevaraya   was the most famous king of Vijayanagara Empire.
The Tocantins River is a river that flows through the northeastern part of Brazil.
William Franklin Graham, Jr.
Bukka ಬುಕ್ಕ್ (also known as Bukka Raya I was an emperor of the Vijayanagara Empire from the Sangama Dynasty.
McGill University or just McGill is an university in Montreal, Canada.
The Renault Koleos ist the second SUV from Renault after the Renault Scénic RX4.
Beagles are a type of dog.
Nandamuri Taraka Rama Rao , more commonly known as N.T.
The Piast dynasty was a Polish dynasty that ruled Poland as first lords in the 10th century, until 1370.
M>Tram was a tram operator in Melbourne, Victoria.
Scrooge McDuck or Uncle Scrooge is a fictional character first appearing in the comic book "Christmas on Bear Mountain".
Money Bin is an fictional building of Scrooge McDuck.
Manor McDuck is a luxurious fictional building that is residence of the fictional cartoon billionaire Scrooge McDuck.
The Cylon Resurrection Ship is a fictional type of spacecraft found in the television series "Battlestar Galactica".
DIY or "Do it yourself" is a method of home improvement, whereby the home owner procures materials and tools for themself, then completes the work on their own, without professional help.
Boleslaw I the Brave   was the duke of Poland from 992 to April 18, 1025 and King of Poland from April 18 to June 17, 1025.
Bo Diddley  was an American singer, guitarist and songwriter.
"DuckTales" is an animated Disney television series.
"Homer Sweet Homer" is an episode of the Ducktales series.
"Master of Djinni" is one episode of Ducktales's series.
"Sweet duck of the youth" is an episode of Ducktales's.
"Where no duck has gone before" is an episode of Ducktales's.
"Ducks of the West" is an episode of Ducktales's.
"All Grown Up!" is a Nickelodeon animated television series.
Randalstown is a town in County Antrim in Northern Ireland.
Connex is a train operator in Melbourne, Australia.
"Battlestar Galactica" is a science fiction franchise.
The Black-capped Chickadee  is a small bird.
Harihara is the name deity that combined Vishnu and Shiva.
Harihara I,  also called Hakka ಹಕ್ಕ and "Vira Harihara I", was the founder of the Vijayanagara empire.
黎 Hlai" is a minority Chinese ethnic group.
Altes Museum  is a museum on an island of the Spree River, which runs through Berlin.
"The Sleepers" is a painting by Gustave Courbet.
Although China is officially atheist, many Chinese people are religious.
Kim Ung-yong  was a Korean child prodigy.
中村光 Nakamura Hikaru, born 9 December 1987 in Hirakata, Osaka Prefecture) is an International Chess Grandmaster .
A Quickdraw is used in rock climbing for lead climbing.
A seedling is a small plant that often will grow from a little seed.
David Paul Boreanaz  is an American actor.
An Ocean is a large area of salt water between continents.
"Work" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Kelly Rowland.
Eluveitie is a folk metal band from Switzerland.
Heaven Shall Burn is a rock band from Saalfelden, Germany.
2605 Sahade  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 16, 1974 by Felix Aguilar Observatory at El Leoncito.
Paranaguá is a coastal city in the state of Paraná in the south of Brazil.
"Datura stramonium", known by the common names, jimson weed, ditch weed, stink weed, loco weed,Korean morning glory, Jamestown weed, thorn apple, angel's trumpet, devil's trumpet, devil's snare, devil's seed, mad hatter, crazy tea, malpitte, the Devil's balls, is an erect annual herb, on average 30 to 150 cm  tall with erect, forking and purple stems.
"Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull" is a 2008 adventure movie directed by Steven Spielberg.
The Indian Premier League , is a Twenty20 cricket competition created by the Board of Control for Cricket in India .
Fernando António Nogueira Pessoa  more known as Fernando Pessoa, was a Portuguese poet and writer.
Gaeltacht areas are regions where most of the people speak the Irish language.
Harass or harassment is a type of torture.
Brná nad Labem  is a part of city Ústí nad Labem, Czech republic.
"Goodies" is a pop song recorded by American R&B singer Ciara and rapper Petey Pablo for Ciara's debut album "Goodies"  and written by Ciara, Sean Garrett, LaMarquis Jefferson, Craig Love and Jonathan Smith.
James I  was King of Scots from April 4, 1406, and ruled as King of Scots from May 1424 until February 21, 1437.
"Shameless" is a BAFTA award-winning British comedy drama television series set in the fictional Chatsworth Estate in Manchester, United Kingdom.
A stele is a stone or wooden slab, mostly taller than it is wide, that is erected for commemorative purposes.
The Qingzang railway  is a railway line.
Ostrava is the third biggest city in the Czech Republic.
A sleep disorder is unhealthy sleep.
"Bahebek Wahashtini" is a song written and sung by Emarati pop star Hussein El Jesmy, the song serves as the theme music for the popular Arabic film "Al Rahina ", or "The Hostage".
Kirk Cameron  is an American actor.
"Get on the Bus" was the third single from girl group Destiny's Child.
The South China Sea is a marginal sea south of China.
The Leo Belgicus is a map of the Low Countries .
A tebibyte  is a unit of measurement in computers and similar electronic devices.
A petabyte  is a unit of measurement in computers and similar electronic devices.
An exabyte  is a unit of measurement for computers of the future.
A zettabyte  is a unit of measurement for computers of the future.
A yottabyte  is a unit of measurement for computers of the future.
"Nature's services" is a term for the ways in which nature benefits humans.
Signing Time! is a children's television show for children one through eight to watch that teaches American Sign Language.
"Wuthering Heights" is the only novel by Emily Brontë.
The Capitol Hill Baptist Church is a Baptist church located on Capital Hill in Washington D.C.
Gerry and The Pacemakers were an English rock and roll group during the 1960s.
The Left Behind series  is a fictional book series written by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B.
Master Chief is the main protagonist of the "Halo" video game series.
An arrowhead is point of an arrow, or a shape resembling such a point.
Obsidian is a glass, that can be found in nature as a sort of rock.
Central America is a large continent  below North America and above South America.
Isle of Arran is an island in Scotland.
Kurud is a town found in the center of the state of Chhattisgarh in India.
Germanic paganism was a religion.
Miguel Ángel Asturias Rosales  was a writer and diplomat from Guatemala.
For a list of Indian companies starting with Hindustan, see List of Indian companies.
Plymouth Colony  was an English colonial venture in North America from 1620 until 1691.
An open proxy is a proxy server which any Internet user can use.
A zombie computer  is a computer attached to the Internet that has been compromised by a hacker, a computer virus, or a trojan horse.
The Rapture (meaning "to carry to another place" is an future event in Christian theology where Jesus Christ will return to Earth to bring his followers to Heaven.
Zeeland  is a province in Netherlands.
The, also called the Tokugawa period , is the time from 1603 to 1868 in Japanese history.
"Graduation" is a 2007 hip-hop album by Kanye West.
"Savior"  refers to a someone who has saved another from danger.
A pebibyte  is a large unit of measurement of bytes .
An exbibyte  is a large unit of measurement for computers of the future.
Okrouhlička is a small village in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
Water buffalos are a kind of bovine.
Lípa is a village in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
Věžnička is a village in the Jihlava District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
Kamenná is a village in the Jihlava District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
Větrný Jeníkov is a village in the Jihlava District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
Florida State University is a large school in Tallahassee, in the north part of Florida, U.S.A.
The Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 is the name for a series of protests that occured in April and June of that year.
Evangelism is the Christian practice of preaching the truth of Jesus Christ to both Christians and non-Christians.
The Southern Baptist Convention  is a United States-based Christian denomination.
Times Square is a major area in Manhattan, New York City at the meeting point of Broadway and "Seventh Avenue".
"FutureSex/LoveSounds" is the second solo studio album by American rhythm and blues singer Justin Timberlake.
"Dilemma" is the 2002 hit single by the rapper Nelly.
"Bring Me to Life" is the first single from Evanescence's multi-platinum first album "Fallen".
Charybdis is a sea monster in Ancient Greek mythology.
Scylla was a sea monster in Greek mythology.
The Étude Op.
Going commando means not to wear underwear.
Papa Smurf is the patriarch of smurfland.
Smurfette is the only female smurf in Smurfland.
Smuggler's Run is an early videogame for the playstation 2 console.
"My Gym Partner's a Monkey" is a show on Cartoon Network.
Systems science is the interdisciplinary field of science, that studies the principles of systems in nature, in society and in science itselve.
Systems theory is an interdisciplinary field of science and the study of the nature of systems in nature, society, and science.
"Emotion" was remade by R&B group Destiny's Child in 2001, it was produced and arranged by Mark J.
McDonaldland was a "fake" cartoon land made by the fast food restaurant, McDonald's.
Club Atlético de Madrid, are a football team from Madrid, the capital city of Spain.
Buttocks is a synonym for the rear end of humans, commonly called a bottom.
The Toyota Camry is a medium-sized car made by Toyota since 1980.
Kush civilization had its center in the region of Nubia.
Cybernetics is the interdisciplinary study of the structure of systems.
Complexity is something with many parts and a complicated arrangement.
Complex systems is a field of a science, which studies the common properties of systems considered complex in nature, society and science.
Control theory is an interdisciplinary branch of engineering and mathematics.
Acura is the luxury brand of the car company Honda.
Nissan is a car company from Japan.
Cabal Online is a free Massive Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game  created by ESTsoft Corporation.
Blackletter or Gothic script is an old way to write text.
Super Smash Brothers  is a 1999 video game for the Nintendo 64.
The Falkland Island Fox or Warrah used to live on the Falkland Islands.
SNoW  is a J-Pop singer.
A funnel cloud is a funnel-shaped cloud of condensed water droplets.
A winter waterspout, also known as a snow devil, an icespout, an ice devil, a snonado, or a snowspout, is a very rare meteorological phenomenon in which a vortex from snow develops that looks like a waterspout.
Wallington Jr/Sr High School is a six-year public high school that serves students in seventh through twelfth grade from Wallington, in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States, as part of the Wallington Public Schools.
A waterspout is a funnel cloud over water.
Bob Jones University  is a private, Protestant Christian, university in Greenville, South Carolina.
Mordecai Ham  was an American evangelist.
Charles Bradley Templeton  was a Canadian cartoonist, evangelist, agnostic, politician, newspaper editor, inventor, broadcaster and author.
The Billy Graham Evangelistic Association  is an organization founded by Rev.
The Washington National Cathedral is a cathedral of the Episcopal Church in the United States.
The United States Postal Service  was founded in 1775 and is located in Washington D.C.
Parkinson's disease  is a slow damaging disease of the central nervous system.
"Samford University" is a private, Southern Baptist-related university located in Homewood, Alabama, a suburb of Birmingham, Alabama.
Hainanese chicken rice is a dish created by the people of Hainan.
A vortex is a dynamic phenomenon of fluids.
A vortex (pl.
"Libertia" is a genus of monocotyledenous plants in the family "Iridaceae".
alan or 阿兰 is a Tibetan-Chinese singer and er hu player from Sichuan province who debuted in 2005 with 声声醉如兰.
V/Line is a regional train operator in Victoria, Australia.
Carpooling is sharing a car with other passengers to help share the cost of the gasoline.
In boxing, the term Middleweight is used for a specific group of people based on weight.
Moneymore is a village in Northern Ireland, in the United Kingdom.
Denpasar is the capital city of the province of Bali, Indonesia.
Toome  is a village in Northern Ireland, in the United Kingdom.
Kuta is a town in southern Bali, Indonesia.
"An Inconvenient Truth" is an controversial American Academy Award-winning documentary movie about global warming.
Matthew "Matt" Moore Hardy  is a professional wrestler currently working for World Wrestling Entertainment on their ECW brand, and is the ECW Champion.
Kerobokan Prison is a prison in the town of Kerobokan in Bali, Indonesia.
Edmund Spenser  was an important poet from England.
The term Papuan languages means languages of the western Pacific which are neither Austronesian nor Australian.
Lombok  is an island in West Nusa Tenggara province, Indonesia.
"The Faerie Queene" is an English epic poem by Edmund Spenser.
Torres Strait Islanders are the indigenous people of the Torres Strait Islands, part of Queensland, Australia.
Australian megafauna is a term used to describe a number of comparatively large animal species in Australia, that had a body mass that was about more than 30% greater that that of their closest living relatives.
The Omagh bombing was a bomb attack by the Real Irish Republican Army in Omagh, Northern Ireland, on August 15, 1998.
On April 28, 1905, the American astronomer William H.
The Real Irish Republican Army  are a group from Ireland who want Northern Ireland to become part of the Republic of Ireland, and want it to leave the United Kingdom.
"The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck" is a comic book painted and written by Don Rosa.
The General Certificate of Secondary Education  is a set of exams taken in England, Wales, Northern Ireland and other British territories.
is the former name of the Japanese capital Tokyo, and was the seat of power for the Tokugawa shogunate which ruled Japan from 1603 to 1868.
The Renault Vel Satis is a large automobile created by the French car manufacturer Renault.
Note: Many of the subjects in this list are not offered by every school.
Korean cuisine is maybe best known for kimchi, which uses lots of vegetables, most commonly cabbage.
Cryptanalysis  is the study of methods for obtaining the meaning of encrypted information, without access to the secret information which is normally required to do so.
The International General Certificate of Secondary Education, or IGCSE, is an international exam for school students.
Sánchez Ramírez is a province of the Dominican Republic.
Diane Julie Abbott  is an English politician and the Member of Parliament for the Hackney North and Stoke Newington constituency in the United Kingdom.
Dr Hywel Francis  is a Welsh politician and the Member of Parliament for the Aberavon constituency in the United Kingdom.
Frank Doran  is a Scottish politician and the Member of Parliament for the Aberdeen North constituency in the United Kingdom.
Anne Begg  is a Scottish politician and the Member of Parliament for the Aberdeen South constituency in the United Kingdom.
John Reid  is a British politician and the Member of Parliament for the Scottish constituency of Airdrie and Shotts in the United Kingdom.
James Gerald Douglas Howarth, known as Gerald Howarth  is a British politician and the Member of Parliament for the English constituency of Aldershot in the United Kingdom.
Mount Agung or Gunung Agung is a volcano on Bali.
Mount Batur or Gunung Batur is a volcano on Bali.
Mount Rinjani or Gunung Rinjani is an active volcano on Lombok, Indonesia.
Mataram is a city on the west side of the island of Lombok, Indonesia.
Diah Permata Megawati Setiawati Soekarnoputri , was President of Indonesia from July 2001 to October 20, 2004.
The Kingdom of Kerma was a state in Nubia from around 2500 BC to about 1520 BC.
"Aladdin" is an animated movie made by Walt Disney Pictures.
D.
Alistair Maclean Darling  is a Scottish politician and Chancellor of the Exchequer.
Moas were the biggest birds ever known.
Malacology is the study of mollusks.
A placard is a sign made to inform people about something.
Budíkov is a village in the Pelhřimov District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
"Typha" is a genus of plants.
Sickle cell anemia is a disease that affects red blood cells.
David Wright Miliband  is an English politician and the current Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs.
John Whitaker Straw , known as Jack Straw, is an English politician and the current Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain and Secretary of State for Justice.
Jacqueline Jill "Jacqui" Smith  is an English politician and the current Secretary of State for the Home Department.
Desmond Henry Browne  is a Scottish politician and the current Secretary of State for Defence and Secretary of State for Scotland.
Alan Arthur Johnson  is an English politician and the current Secretary of State for Health.
Hilary James Wedgwood Benn  is an English politician and the current Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs.
Douglas Garven Alexander  is a Scottish politician and the current Secretary of State for International Development.
John Matthew Patrick Hutton  is an English politician and the current Secretary of State for Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform.
Harriet Ruth Harman  is an English politician and the current Leader of the House of Commons and Minister for Women and Equality.
James Mark Dakin Purnell  is an English politician and the current Secretary of State for Work and Pensions.
Paul Peter Murphy  is a Welsh politician and the current Secretary of State for Wales.
Ruth Maria Kelly  is a British politician and the current Secretary of State for Transport.
Hazel Anne Blears  is an English politician and the current Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government.
Geoffrey William Hoon  is an English politician and the current Chief Whip and Parliamentary Secretary to the Treasury.
Edward Michael Balls  is an English politician and the current Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families.
Edward Samuel Miliband  is an English politician and the current Minister for the Cabinet Office and Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster.
Andrew Murray Burnham  is an English politician and the current Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport.
Shaun Anthony Woodward  is an English politician and the current Secretary of State for Northern Ireland.
Yvette Cooper  is an English politician and the current Chief Secretary to the Treasury.
John Yorke Denham  is an English politician and the current Secretary of State for Innovation, Universities and Skills.
Limnology is the study of waters that are not part of the oceans or seas.
The Toyota RAV4 is a small sized SUV made by Toyota.
The Toyota MR2 and MR2 Spyder were sports cars made by Toyota.
The Geo Tracker was a small Sports utility vehicle made by Suzuki for General Motors from 1989 to 2004.
Wheaton College is a private Evangelical Protestant college in Wheaton, Illinois, a suburb west of Chicago in the United States.
A sacred site is a place that is thought of as sacred  to a particular religion.
Basil II , was a Byzantine emperor from the Macedonian dynasty from January 10 976 to December 15, 1025.
Objection is a word used in a court room when the lawyer wants to say that something is wrong, such as if a person is lying.
The Battle of Manzikert, or Malazgirt  was fought between the Byzantine Empire and Seljuq Empire.
Mark Thomas Lawrenson  is a former professional football player, a defender in the Liverpool and Irishfootball teams of the 1980s; he has since become a radio, television and internet pundit for the BBC.
Red Square  is the most famous city square in Moscow, Russia.
George I  was born in Osnabrück, Germany on 28 May 1660, and was the ruler of Hanover in North Germany.
Her Majesty's Loyal Opposition, or the Official Opposition in the United Kingdom is led by the The Leader of the Opposition.
The Leader of the Opposition  in the United Kingdom is the politician who leads Her Majesty's Loyal Opposition.
David Michael Davis  is an English politician and the current Shadow Home Secretary.
William Jefferson Hague  is an English politician and the current Shadow Foreign Secretary.
George Gideon Oliver Osborne  is an English politician and the current Shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer.
A Shadow Minister is a member of a political opposition party, not in power, who provides an alternative to the Minister of the Government.
Trojanus of Saintes  was a 6th century bishop of Saintes, in France.
"Celestus microblepharis" are a kind of lizard of the Anguidae family.
Anguidae is a family of lizards.
Celestus is a genus of lizards.
The Giant Hispaniolan Galliwasp  is a kind of lizard of the Anguidae family.
"Celestus duquesneyi" is a kind of lizard of the Anguidae family.
"Celestus fowleri" is a kind of lizard of the Anguidae family.
The Jamaica Giant Galliwasp  is a kind of lizard of the Anguidae family.
Virginia Wynette Pugh , was born in Mississippi, United States in 1942.
"Triciti"  is the unofficial name of an urban area with 3 cities: Gdańsk, Gdynia and Sopot.
Kaliningrad Oblast  is an exclave of Russia bordered by Poland, Lithuania and Baltic Sea.
A official Coat of Arms of Poland is the White Eagle with golden crown in its head on red shield.
Christianization is when country, nation or region change faith to Christianity.
Adam Sandler  is an American comedian, actor, musician, screenwriter, and film producer.
Even though they are lizards, slow worms have lost their legs and are usually mistaken for snakes.
__NOTOC__ "Anguis fragilis"  is a limbless  reptile that lives only in Eurasia.
"Major League Baseball on ESPN Radio" is a broadcast presentation of Major League Baseball on ESPN Radio.
Calixa Lavallée, , born Calixte Paquet, was a French-Canadian-American musician who composed the music for the Canadian national anthem "O Canada".
A Sepsis is a very dangerous disease.
Patrick Allen McLoughlin  is an English politician and the current Opposition Chief Whip.
Oliver Letwin  is an English politician and the Chairman of Policy Review, and Chairman of the Conservative Research Department.
Caroline Alice Spelman  is an English politician and the current Chairman of the Conservative Party.
Philip Hammond  is an English politician and the current Shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury.
Andrew John Bower Mitchell ) is an English politician and the current Shadow International Development Secretary.
David Gordon Mundell  is an Scottish politician and the current Shadow Secretary of State for Scotland.
Cheryl Elise Kendall Gillan  is an English politician and the current Shadow Secretary of State for Wales..
Owen William Paterson  is an English politician and the current Shadow Secretary of State for Northern Ireland.
Alan James Carter Duncan  is an English politician and the current Shadow Secretary of State for Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform.
Theresa Mary May  is an English politician and the current Shadow Leader of the House of Commons.
Francis Anthony Aylmer Maude  is an English politician and the current Shadow Minister for the Cabinet Office.
Jeremy Hunt  is an English politician and the current Shadow Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport.
Eric Jack Pickles  is an English politician and the current Shadow Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government.
Peter Michael Ainsworth  is an English politician and the current Shadow Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs.
Christopher Stephen Grayling  is an English politician and the current Shadow Secretary of State for Work and Pensions.
Nicholas Le Quesne Herbert  is an English politician and the current Shadow Justice Secretary.
Theresa Anne Villiers  is an English politician and the current Shadow Secretary of State for Transport.
Andrew David Lansley  is an English politician and the current Shadow Secretary of State for Health.
David Linsay Willetts  is an English politician and the current Shadow Secretary of State for Innovation, Universities and Skills.
Michael Andrew Gove  is an English politician and the current Shadow Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families.
Liam Fox  is an English politician and the current Shadow Defence Secretary.
A partnership is when two or more people work together to complete a task.
Ruth Bell Graham  is the wife of evangelist Billy Graham.
Patrick Star is a animated fictional character from the a childrens television series "SpongeBob SquarePants".
Nicholas William Peter Clegg , known as Nick Clegg, is an English politician and, since 18 December 2007, leader of the Liberal Democrats.
Magnús Eiríksson  was an Icelandic theologian.
John Wark  is a former Scottish footballer.
Nusa Penida is an island to the southeast of Bali, Indonesia.
Dungeons & Dragons is an old-fashioned paper-and-pencil roleplaying game.
Sakoku  was the foreign relations policy of Japan under which no foreigner or Japanese could enter or leave the country on penalty of death.
Borneo is the third largest island in the world and can be found at the centre of Maritime Southeast Asia.
This is a list of islands in the world ordered by area.
Baffin Island  is an island in the territory of Nunavut.
A substitution cipher is a form of cryptography.
Kenneth J.
Brandy and Mr.
Dwyane Tyrone Wade  is an American basketball player.
The Himalayan Wolf is a kind of wolf that was thought to belong to the Tibetan Wolf family, but it, in fact, may be its own species, "Canis himalayensis".
Angelroda is a municipality of the district Ilm-Kreis Rural District, in Thuringia, Germany.
Elgersburg is a municipality in the Ilm-Kreis Rural District, in Thuringia, Germany.
Hull, Florida is found in Southwest DeSoto County, Florida in the US.
Seii  (c.
Cecil John Rhodes  was an English economist.
An Intensive Care Unit , also called Critical Care Unit , Intensive Therapy Unity, "Intensive Treatment Unit  is a specialised section of a hospital.
kaioo is a social networking website where people can communicate using messages, video and photo uploads, blogs, social groups, and music.
Akira Toriyama  is the creator of many popular anime and manga series, most notably the Dragon Ball franchise.
Ieoh Ming Pei  is a Chinese American architect.
Isaac Bashevis Singer  was a leading author in the Yiddish literature.
He is generally regarded as one of the most important mathematicians of the 20th century.
Iwan Wyn Roberts  is a tall Welsh man who played football for the Welsh national team and several English club sides, including Norwich City F.C.
A ballpoint pen , is a modern kind of pen for writing.
Bando kickboxing is the modern, sport form of "lethwei", nicknamed in Europe "Burmese boxing of four arms".
The Spratly Islands consist of more than 100 small islands or reefs.
Sumba is an island in Indonesia, and is one of the Lesser Sunda Islands.
Gili Trawangan is the largest of Lombok's Gili Islands and is the only one to rise significantly above sea level.
Gili Meno is the middle of Lombok's three Gilis.
Gili Air is the smallest of the Gilis and it's closest to the Lombok mainland, making it popular with honeymoon couples and travelers seeking a quiet retreat.
The Gili Islands  are an archipelago of three small islands — Gili Trawangan, Gili Meno and Gili Air — just off the northwest coast of Lombok, Indonesia.
A Cidomo is a small horse-drawn carriage used on Indonesia's Gili Islands used instead of motorized transport which is not allowed.
"Grease" is a musical by Jim Jacobs and Warren Casey.
Ryan Joseph Giggs  is a Welsh footballer.
Ian Rush is a former Welsh international footballer, who notably played for Liverpool F.C.
An Ogoh-ogoh, a papier-mâché and wood puppet built on Bali for the New Year Holiday Nyepi.
Padangbai is a small town in eastern Bali, Indonesia.
The Tokugawa shogunate, also known as the, and the, was a feudal regime of Japan.
The Liberal Democrats, often shortened to Lib Dems, are a liberal political party in the United Kingdom.
Houten is a town in Utrecht province in the Netherlands.
Northampton  is a big market town and a local government district of the East Midlands part of the United Kingdom.
West Slavs are part of Slavs People.
Judgment Day is a yearly professional wrestling pay-per-view aired by World Wrestling Entertainment.
was the founder and first shogun of the Tokugawa Shogunate of Japan.
The Billy Graham Center was founded and opened in 1981 on the campus of Wheaton College.
A Revival meeting is event of Christian services.
"Death Note" is a popular manga and anime series from Japan.
Bob Jones, Sr  was an American, Christian, Fundamentalist, evangelist, broadcaster, and founder of Bob Jones University.
An Auditorium  is the area in a theatre, concert hall, or other place where the audience is located to hear or watch the show.
A pulpit  is a small lifted platform where a member of the clergy stands to read a Gospel lesson, or give a sermon.
A Level crossing  is the place where a railway line and a road intersect on the same level.
Macaulay Culkin  is a former American child actor.
Tencent QQ, also known as QQ, is a popular instant messaging software in mainland China.
Agrabah is a fictional city in Disney's "Alladin".
Princess Jasmine is a fictional character of in the film "Aladdin".
Fürstenfeldbruck is a rural district in Upper Bavaria in south Bavaria, Germany.
José Zorrilla y Moral , was a Spanish Romantic poet and dramatist.
Ottobrunn is a municipality in the Munich Rural District.
Aying is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Bavaria, Germany.
Höhenkirchen-Siegertsbrunn is a municipality in the Munich Rural Distrcit in Upper Bavaria, Germany.
The Habitation at Port-Royal was an early French colonial settlement and is today a National Historic Site located at Port Royal in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
The Mi'kmaq  are a First Nations or Native American in the United States people, indigenous to northeastern New England, Canada's Atlantic Provinces, and the Gaspé Peninsula of Quebec.
Wangxiaobo   is a famous writer in mainland china.
Chengdu is a very big city in southwest People's Republic of China.
Hohenbrunn is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.
Albert Schweitzer, M.D., O.M.,  was a theologian, musician, philosopher and physician.
Coweta is a city in Wagoner County, Oklahoma and is a suburb of Tulsa.
Tularemia  is a disease.
Neubiberg is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.
Brunnthal is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.
Putzbrunn is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.
Unterföhring is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.
The fur trade is a worldwide industry dealing in the gain and sale of animal fur.
Argyle is a village in Lafayette County, Wisconsin, United States.
is a Japanese actress.
Aschheim is a municipality in the district of the Munich Rural District in Bavaria in Germany.
NetSolve is an information technology company in the United States.
The Bouleţu River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
This is a list of rivers of Romania, by letter.
Third-person shooter is a genre of video games in which the players character is seen from a distance.
Klaus Ebner  is an Austrian writer of short stories, essays and poetry, and a translator.
Wagoner County is a county located in the U.S.
Tulsa County is a county located in the U.S.
The National Register of Historic Places  is the United States government's official list of districts, sites, buildings, structures, and objects worthy of preservation.
Wagoner is a city in Wagoner County, Oklahoma, United States.
A Pound is the local money in some countries including the United Kingdom, Cyprus and Egypt.
Muskogee County is a county located in the U.S.
The Polans were a West Slavic tribe lived in Great Poland.
The African-American Civil Rights Movement from 1955–1968 was a period in American history that began movements in the United States to abolish racial discrimination at African Americans.
Cherokee County is a county located in the U.S.
The Dominican city of Santa Cruz de Mao, or simply Mao, is the head municipality of the Valverde province, on the northwest of the country.
Mayes County is a county located in the U.S.
Rogers County is a county located in the U.S.
Koweta Mission Site is a NRHP site added in 1973.
Sean Hannity  an American radio talk show host and best-selling author.
Brett Lorenzo Favre  is an American football player and starting quarterback for the New York Jets of the National Football League .
A headline is text at the top of a article, telling the reader the nature of the article below.
Transistor–Transistor Logic  is a class of digital circuits built from transistors, and resistors.
The Northwest Ordinance of 1787 told everyone that the land north of the Ohio river and east of the Mississippi would eventually become part of the United States.
Protactinium is a chemical element with the symbol Pa and atomic number 91.
Troy Kenneth Aikman  is a former American football quarterback for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League, and is now a television sportscaster for the Fox televison network.
John Constantine "Johnny" Unitas , was a professional American football player in the 1950s through the 1970s.
Richard Marvin "Dick" Butkus  is a former American football player, commonly considered as the greatest linebacker of his time and one of the best football players ever.
Michael Keller Ditka, Jr.
The Sean Hannity Show is an American radio show with conservative talk show host Sean Hannity.
John Albert Elway, Jr.
The Detroit Lions are a team in the National Football League and National Football Conference.
Michael Jerome Irvin  is a former American football player for the Dallas Cowboys.
Howard Michael Long  is a former American football player who played as a defensive end, and was chosen for the Hall of Fame in 2000.
Hoàng Hoa Thám  or Đề Thám ;  1858 – February 10, 1913) was leader of the famous Yen The Uprising against the French during Western conquest of Vietnam.
The Pro Football Hall of Fame is the hall of fame of the National Football League .
Cypress is a name used for many plants in the conifer family Cupressaceae .
The Mi'kmaq language  is an Eastern Algonquian language spoken by nearly 9,000 Míkmaq in Canada, and another 1,200 in United States, out of a total ethnic Míkmaq population of roughly 40,000.
The San Diego Chargers are a professional American football team based in San Diego, California.
Metal leaf is a type of metalic foil used mostly for decoration.
Foo Fighters is an American rock band started by musician Dave Grohl.
Ronnie O'Sullivan , is an English professional snooker player who has been World Champion on three occasions.
Rain  is a Korean singer, actor, dancer and model.
The Algonquian  languages are a subfamily of Native American languages that includes most of the languages in the Algic language family The term "Algonquin" comes from the Maliseet word "elakómkwik" , "they are our relatives/allies".
Ismaning is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.
Grünwald is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.
Kirchheim is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.
Haar is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.
The Abrud River is a tributary of the Arieş in Romania.
The Abruzel River is a tributary of the Abrud River in Romania.
The Abucea River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Teleajen River in the southern part of Romania is a tributary of the Prahova River.
Garching is a town in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.
The Arieş  is a river in Transylvania, Romania.
The Acmariu River  is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Mureş   is a 761 km  long river in Eastern Europe.
The Acriş River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
Taufkirchen is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.
The Adalin River is a tributary of the Dragu River in Romania.
The Adâncata River is a tributary of the Bahluieţ River in Romania.
The Adâncata River is a tributary of the Iminog River in Romania.
The Adăşeni River is a tributary of the Volovăţ River.
The Adona River is a tributary of the Peţa River in Romania.
The Adrian River is a tributary of the Racşa River in Romania.
The Afinetu River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
The Afinetul River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
The Afinişul River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
The Afinişul River is a tributary of the Nemţişor River in Romania.
The Agapia River is a tributary of the Topoliţa River in Romania.
The Bistriţa River  is a river in the Romanian region of Moldavia.
The Olt River  is a river in Romania.
The Arena Football League is a football league in the United States.
Elmo is a famous character in Sesame Street.
The San Francisco 49ers are a professional American football team.
The Agârbiciu River is a tributary of the Căpuş River in Romania.
The Agârcia River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
The Agăstin River is a tributary of the Asău River in Romania.
The Agăş River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
The Agi Cabul River is a tributary of the main branch of the Danube-Black Sea Canal in Romania.
The Agigea River is a tributary of the main branch of the Danube-Black Sea Canal in Romania.
The Agrij River  is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
The Tennessee Titans are a professional American football team located in Nashville, Tennessee.
Mumps is a viral disease of the human species.
The Civilian Conservation Corps  was started by Franklin D.
A killer app is a term used for a video game for a console that sells it.
Chiang Mai is the biggest city in northern Thailand,the second-biggest province of Thailand.
Hyōgo Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan in the Kinki district of Honshu Island.
Adelaide Zoo is Australia's second oldest zoo, located in Adelaide, South Australia.
Ruth Elizabeth Harkness was an American fashion designer and socialite.
The Brookfield Zoo is a large zoo near Chicago, Illinois.
Shirahama is a town located in Nishimuro District, Wakayama, Japan.
Wakayama Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan located on the Kii Peninsula in the Kansai region on Honshū island.
A webcast is a media file used on the Internet.
The Kansas City Chiefs are a professional American football team located in Kansas City, Missouri.
The Jacksonville Jaguars are a professional American football team located in Jacksonville, Florida.
The Houston Texans is a professional American National Football League team located in Houston, Texas.
The Cleveland Browns are a professional American football team located in Cleveland, Ohio.
The Cincinnati Bengals are a professional American football team located in Cincinnati, Ohio.
A commentary often means some sort of voice that will explain what is going on while the program is playing.
This is a list of the twelve most important chemical elements for life, in order of atomic number.
Kelvedon is a village and town in Essex, England.
The Baltimore Ravens are a professional American football team located in Baltimore, Maryland.
The Buffalo Bills are a professional American football team located in Buffalo, New York.
The Washington Redskins are a professional American football team based in the Washington, D.C.
"Super Princess Peach" is a 2006 video game developed by TOSE and published by Nintendo.
The Minnesota Vikings are a professional American football team located in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Reno is a city in the American state of Nevada.
Wolong National Nature Reserve  is a national park located in Sichuan Province, People's Republic of China.
Charles Haddon  Spurgeon  was a British Baptist preacher.
George Fredrick Müller  , was an Christian evangelist and worker of orphanages in Bristol, England.
The Spectacled Bear , also known as the Andean Bear is the last of the lineage of short-faced bears.
Convergent evolution is a term from biology.
Michelangelo Antonioni  was born in Rome, Italy.
Salvador de Madariaga y Rojo  was a Spanish diplomat, writer, historian and pacifist.
Bislama is one of the three national languages of Vanuatu.
Tariq Said Ramadan  is a Swiss Muslim academic and theologian.
Unterschleißheim is a town in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.
Baierbrunn is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.
Fitna is a short movie by Dutch politician Geert Wilders.
Geert Wilders  is a Dutch  politician.
The Cessna 182, marketed under the name Skylane, is a four-seat, single-engine, light airplane.
Asparagus is a large genus of flowering plants, including many different species.
The Agriş River ˙ is a tributary of the Iara River in Romania.
The Agriş River is a tributary of the Baraolt River in Romania.
The Botfei River or Agriş River is a tributary of the Beliu River in Romania.
Father Armand David  was a Lazarist missionary Catholic priest as well as a zoologist and a botanist.
Père David's Deer  "Milu" in Chinese , is a species of deer known only in captivity.
The finite element method is the numerical method of solving systems of differential equations.
Sipoo is a small municipality in Finland.
Bitter, one of the five basic tastes.
Slow is an adjective to talk about a low speed, move or tempo.
In clothing, a collar is the part of a shirt, dress, coat or blouse that goes around or frames the neck.
A frame is a flat container to hold something.
The land hemisphere is the hemisphere on the Earth with the highest possible area of land.
The water hemisphere is the hemisphere on the Earth with the highest area of water.
Pasadena is a city in California.
The Red Fox  is a mammal of the order Carnivora.
The Royal Surrey Gardens  were gardens in Kennington, London, during the Victorian period.
An animation portal is a system where a user is able to submit his or her own animation in a video file format to a website and have it immediately be displayed to other visitors.
"Iron Man" is a superhero movie based on the fictional Marvel Comics character "Iron Man".
Molars are special teeth found in mammals, and also the most complex sort of teeth.
The Qinling Mountains  are a major mountain range.
"Love In This Club Part II" is an R&B-Pop song written by Amber Rives and Usher,and recorded by Usher for his album Here I Stand.
Lower Silesian Voivodeship is one of the 16 Voivodeships of Poland.
Unterhaching is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.
Air France is a French airline company that made a megafusion in 2004 with the Dutch airline company, KLM.
Oberschleißheim is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.
Gräfelfing is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.
Neuried is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria in Germany.
Oberhaching is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.
Upper Bavaria is one of seven government regions in Bavaria, Germany.
Rosenheim is a city in Upper Bavaria, Germany.
Ansbach is a city in Middle Franconia, Germany.
Passau is a city in Lower Bavaria, Germany.
Kempten is a city in Swabia, Germany.
Landshut is a city in Lower Bavaria, Germany .
Weiden or  is a city in the Upper Palanitate in Bavaria, Germany.
Straubing is a city in Lower Bavaria, Germany.
Memmingen is a city in Swabia in Bavaria, Germany.
Kaufbeuren is a city in Swabia in Bavaria, Germany.
"USA Today" is a daily newspaper.
The Agriş River  is a tributary of the Cormoş River in Romania.
The Agriş River is a tributary of the Cigher River in Romania.
The Agriş River  is a tributary of the Luţ River in Romania.
Cologne Cathedral (offically:"Hohe Domkirche St.
"T.N.T." is the second studio album by Australian hard rock band DC, released in Australia December 1975.
"Taxi" is an American sitcom that originally aired from 1978 to 1982 on ABC, and from 1982 to 1983 on NBC.
Amiens Cathedral is the name for a Cathedral in Amiens, France.
Auburn University is a university in the U.S.
The Baltimore Orioles is a Major League Baseball team in Baltimore, Maryland.
The Arizona Diamondbacks are a Major League Baseball team based in Phoenix, Arizona.
The Atlanta Braves are a Major League baseball team in Atlanta, Georgia.
The Colorado Rockies are a Major League Baseball team in Denver, Colorado.
The Florida Marlins are a Major League Baseball team in Miami, Florida.
The Houston Astros are a Major League Baseball team in Houston, Texas.
John Birks "Dizzy" Gillespie  was an American jazz trumpeter, bandleader, singer, and composer of the 20th century.
Ganz is a Canadian company.
John Dowland  was an English composer and lutenist.
A partsong is a piece of music to be sung by two or more voices without accompaniment.
Nin Catheral is a cathedral in Nin, Croatia.
Neume type of music which is sung freely, without an exact rythm or beat.
Masovian Voivodeship is one of the 16 Voivodeships of Poland.
The Steelyard was a place in London for trading.
Hazard symbols are special symbols.
A Pictogram  is a small drawing.
Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship is one of the 16 Voivodeships of Poland.
Commensalism is where two organisms help each other.
Centuries: 8th century - 9th century - 10th century Decades: 770s - 780s - 790s - 800s - 810s - 820s - 830s - 840s - 850s - 860s - 870s Years: 820 821 822 823 824 825 826 827 828 829 .
Lindane is an insecticide.
Fumaric acid is a chemical substance that occurs in various plants.
Tinia was the highest god in Etruscan mythology, the Etruscan equivalent of the Roman Jupiter and the Greek Zeus.
Mrs.
Endospores are objects made by bacteria for survival purposes.
The WonderSwan Color is a handheld video game system.
Gel electrophoresis is a technique used for separating DNA of different sizes.
Heinrich Schliemann  was a treasure hunter.
A sonatina is a simple and short sonata.
Cyclone Nargis was a tropical cyclone.
Toilet paper is soft paper, used to wipe urine or feces after using the toilet.
Underpants, also known as undergarments or underwear, are thinner, smaller articles of clothing warn under outer layers of clothing to further conceal private parts such as the penis and testicles, vagina, anus.
Fox Interactive is a video game publisher and developer who makes titles based on 20th Century Fox franchises, such as "The Simpsons", "Family Guy", "Futurama", "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", "Barbie", "The X-Files" and many more.
Sauropods are a type of herbivoric dinosaurs with long necks and large tails.
A blockade is any effort to make sure that supplies, troops, information or aid do not reach an opposing force.
Bursa is a city innorthwestern Turkey and the seat of the Bursa provience.The population of city is about 2 million.
The United States presidential election, 2008 is a political event which took place on November 4, 2008.
The Democratic Party presidential primaries of 2008 was an American political event.
Theodore Schwann  was a German scientist who isolated and named the enzyme pepsin.
Dubbo" is a large town, about four hours drive from Sydney, the biggest town in NSW.
Antiwar.com is an English language website containing news and opinions related to wars.
Barium chloride is a chemical substance.
In paintball, a bunker is an obstacle on the playing field used to block the view of opponents and prevent them from firing accurately.
When Germany was reunified in 1990, the country as a whole became a member of NATO.
The blockade of Germany, during World War I, was a part of the First Battle of the Atlantic between the United Kingdom and Germany.
LeBron James  is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Cleveland Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association.
Silesian Voivodeship is one of the 16 Voivodeships of Poland.
The First Battle of the Atlantic  was a naval campaign of World War I, largely fought in the seas around the British Isles and in the Atlantic Ocean.
Sukhoi is a company that makes fighter jets for the Russian Air Force, and other countries like China.
Biomedical engineering is the study of medical equipment used in an environment of care or physiological training and how this equipment interfaces or physically interacts with the human body.
This Love is a 2008 song by the Australian band The Veronicas.
There are three lists of countries of the world sorted by their gross domestic product  .
"VeggieTales" is a series of children's computer animated movies and a TV series on Qubo.
Kroppenstedt is a town in the Börde district, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
"Super Mario Bros.
Righteousness is an important theological concept in Islam, Judaism and Christianity.
This is the discography, certification, and music video information of American R&B singer Solange Knowles.
"I Decided" is the first single released by Solange Knowles from her album Sol-Angel and the Hadley St.
"Here I Stand" is R&B singer Usher's fifth album, scheduled to be released 27 May 2008.
Usher Raymond IV  known simply by his first name Usher, is an American R&B and pop singer and actor who rose to fame in the mid-late 1990s.
Social equality is about making sure people are treated fairly and given fair chances.
JavaServer Pages  is a programming language used server applications.
William  W.
The Institute in Basic Life Principles  is Christian organization in Oak Brook, Illinois.
A Master of Arts  is a postgraduate academic master's degree given by universities in many countries.
The American Fork River, in Utah, leaves the Wasatch Mountains out of American Fork Canyon about 35 miles southeast of Salt Lake City.
Charles Francis O'Connor , called Frank O'Connor, was an American actor and painter.
Alma mater is Latin for "nourishing mother".
Amplitude Modulation, usually shortened to AM, is a simple way to send a radio signal.
Biberach ['bi:bərax] is a district in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Sam Allardyce  is an English football manager.
A Chief Constable is the top police officer in a police force in the United Kingdom.
Hugh Stephen Orde OBE is the Chief Constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland.
Candy Lo is a C-rock singer-songwriter and actress from Hong Kong.
The Agriş River is a tributary of the Moraviţa River in Romania.
The Agriş River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
The Agriş River is a tributary of the Şieu River in Romania.
The Agriş River is a tributary of the Valea Baciului River in Romania.
The Agrişteu River  is a tributary of the Târnava Mică River in Romania.
The Aiorman River or Peceneaga River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
The Aita River  is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Aiud River or Aiudul de Sus River  is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Alămor River is a tributary of the Vişa River in Romania.
"Say It Right" is an R&B song performed by Nelly Furtado.
Greater Poland Voivodeship is one of the 16 Voivodeships of Poland.
Mars has two little moons, Phobos and Deimos, which are thought to be captured asteroids.
The Valea de Sub Masa Mare River or Alba River is a tributary of the Şercaia River in Romania.
The Alba River is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
The Albac River is a tributary of the Arieşul Mare River in Romania.
The Albac River  is a tributary of the Hârtibaciu River in Romania.
The Albele River is a tributary of the Jaleş River in Romania.
The Albele River is a tributary of the Strâmbu River in Romania.
The Albeşti River is a tributary of the Bahluieţ River in Romania.
The Albeşti River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania.
The Albeşti River is a tributary of the Cungrea Mică River in Romania.
The Albeşti River is a tributary of the Black Sea in Romania.
The Albeşti River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
The Albioara River is a headwater of the Roşia River in Romania.
The Albiş River is a tributary of the Cernat River in Romania.
James Honer is a music director.
An MP3 player is a portable audio device where people can listen to songs with.
Wi-Fi Protected Access  is the name for a number of standards to use encryption on a Wireless LAN.
Wired Equivalent Privacy  is a standard to use encryption in Wireless LANs.
The Congress of Vienna was a conference of ambassadors of the major powers of Europe.
Coin collecting is when people buy or keep coins which are old, rare, beautiful or just interesting for the pleasure of owning them.
Blood Red Shoes are an indie music band from Brighton, England.
Bret "The Hitman" Hart is a Canadian Pro-wrestling superstar.
La Grange, a suburb of Chicago, is a village in Cook County, in the U.S.
The Eurovision Song Contest 2008 is a annual song contest held by the country who won the previous year.
All We Know is a 2006 song by Paramore, off the album All We Know is Falling.
Misery Business is a 2007 song by Christian band Paramore.
Wesfarmers is a Australian company.
Pressure is the first single from the album "All We Know is Falling", by the band Paramore.
Hazelwood North is a town in Victoria, Australia.
Hasselt is a city in Belgium.
Focus on the Family  is an American evangelical group.
"Adventures in Odyssey"  is an Evangelical Christian-themed radio drama and comedy.
Youth for Christ  is an international Christian ministry that promotes youth evangelism and biblical Christianity.
Henry Robinson Luce  was an important American publisher.
Big Bear Lake is a city in San Bernardino County, California.
A memorial is an object which serves as a memory of something, usually a person  or an famous event.
Logging is the process in which trees are cut down for forest management and/or timber harvest.
Kølig Kaj was a Danish rapper who gained national fame in 1997 by winning the Danish Melodi Grand Prix with his song "Stemmen I Mit Liv".
The Forbidden Planet is a popular comic book, toys, and other multimedia objects store.
Tobey Maguire is an American actor most notable for being in all three Spider-Man movies.
A chaplain is typically a priest, pastor, ordained deacon or other member of the clergy.
The Albota River is a tributary of the Arpaş River in Romania.
The Albuia River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
The Siret River  is a river that comes up from the Carpathians in the northern Bukovina region of Ukraine.
Northwestern College is located in Saint Paul, Minnesota.
The river Someş in Romanian or Szamos in Hungarian, is a river that flows through Romania and Hungary.
A walker or walking frame is a tool for disabled people who need help to support and keep balance while walking.
The Gilort River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
The Jiu  is a river in the southern part of Romania.
George Beverly "Bev" Shea  is a famous singer and songwriter of gospel music, and has wrote several hymns.
Prut, or Pruth,  is a 953 km long river in Eastern Europe.
The Ialomiţa River  is a river in the southern part of Romania.
James Clayton "Jim" Dobson  is both the starter and chairman of the board of Focus on the Family.
QuickTime is a software made by Apple Inc.
Subspecies is a classification  in biology.
In physics, centrifugal force  is a fictitious force that appears when describing physics in a rotating reference frame; it acts on anything with mass considered in such a frame.
Peeter Volkonski Peeter  , in Tallinn, Estonia) is a Estonian actor and rock-musician composer.
Robert Wilson , better known by his stage name Bobby Valentino, is an American R&B singer.
Anonymous is the second single from Bobby Valentino's second album, Special Occasion.
A mixed drink is a type of drink where two or more diffent drinks are mixed together to create a new drink.
Smash Mouth is a pop/rock band from San Jose, California, USA.
Mallacoota  is a small town in East Gippsland, Victoria, Australia.
Cancuén is an archaeological site of the pre-Columbian Maya civilization, It can be found in the Pasión subregion of the central Maya lowlands.
Rum is an alcoholic spirit.
Pridon Khalvashi  is one of the famous Georgian writers who contributed Georgian poetry and literature, as well as its political and social life.
Bill Kaulitz  is the lead singer of Tokio Hotel.
After the beginning of World War I in 1914, the German army started the Western Front by invading Luxembourg and Belgium.
In archaeology, an artifact or artefact is an object made or modified by a human culture.
Coba  is a big ruined city of the Pre-Columbian Maya civilization.
Tectonic means the study of the earth's structural features, especially the folding and faulting  of the earth's crust.
Tajal Chan Ahk, also T'ah 'ak' Cha'an, was an 8th century ruler of the Maya city Cancuén, whose rule lasted from 757 to ca.
The Moldova River is a river in Romania, in the historical region of Moldavia.
The Buzău River is a river in eastern Romania, tributary of the Siret River.
The Prahova River is a river in the southern part of Romania.
Elsa Einstein, , was the second wife and cousin of the German phyicist, Albert Einstein.
Fox Noggin Channel is a cable television network in the United States, intended to help children learn.
The Creation Museum is a 60,000 square foot museum in the United States.
The Cigher River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
George Whitefield , was a preacher in the Church of England.
The Timiş or Tamiš  is a 359 kilometer long river coming up from the Semenic Mountains, the southern part Carpathian Mountains, in Caraş-Severin County, Romania.
The Bahlui is the biggest river of Iaşi County, in the eastern part of Romania.
The Dămuc River is a tributary of the Bicaz River in Romania.
The Nera  is a 124 km long river in Romania and Serbia.
Putna River is a tributary of the Siret River in Vrancea County in Romania, and in the old region of Moldavia.
The Bistriţa  is a river in the Romanian region of Transylvania, in the county of Bistriţa-Năsăud.
The Dâmboviţa River is a river in Romania.
A commune  is the second lowest level of division in Romania.
A municipality  is a kind of subdivision in Romania.
The Way of the Master  is a Christianity based evangelism ministry.
Novaja Zemlja is a group of two islands .
Don't Stop The Music  is a 2007 song by Rhinanna.
The Someşul Mare  is a river in the north-western part of Romania.
The Suceava River is a river that can be found in the north-eastern part of Romania, in Suceava County.
The Lotru River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Azuga River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
The Strei River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
Nickolas Gene Carter  is an American actor, musician, and pop singer.
The Iada River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania.
The Iza River is a tributary of the Tisa River in Romania.
Howard Dwaine Dorough , also known as Howie D, is an American singer.
Alexander James McLean  is an American musician and member of the singing group Backstreet Boys.
Brian Thomas Littrell  is an American singer.
Kevin Scott Richardson  is an American singer and former member of the Backstreet Boys.
The Spanish Conquest of Yucatán was the campaign undertaken by the Spanish "conquistadores" against the Late Postclassic Maya states.
The becquerel  is the SI derived unit of radioactivity, defined as the activity of a quantity of radioactive material in which one nucleus decays per second.
The Popol Vuh  is a book written in the Classical Quiché language.
Popol Vuh  is the book of scripture of the Quiché, a kingdom of the post classic Maya civilization in highland Guatemala.
The Albu River is a tributary of the Pârgavu River in Romania.
The Albul River is a tributary of the Bătătura Cailor River in Romania.
The Alceu River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania.
North Berwick is a town in East Lothian, Scotland.
The Southern Region of Brazil is one of the five administrative regions of Brazil.
Jean-Luc Picard is a ' character.
McCune-Reischauer romanization is one of the two most widely used Korean language romanization systems, along with the Revised Romanization of Korean, which replaced  McCune-Reischauer as the official romanization system in South Korea in 2000.
The Revised romanization of hangul is convenient to type on computers since it uses only Latin letters and symbols, omitting the apostrophes and breves that were problematic with the McCune-Reischauer system.
The Motru River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
The Sadu River is a tributary of the Cibin River in Romania.
The Bistriţa River  is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
Lake Annecy  is a lake in the Haute-Savoie area of France.
Haute-Savoie is a French department.
Chartres Cathedral  is a Cathedral.
Lough Neagh is a lake in Northern Ireland, United Kingdom.
Intel Core 2 is a group of microprocessors created to replace Intel's previous Core brand.
Deanna Troi is a ' character.
The Bicaz River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
The Bărbat River is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania.
The Uz River is a tributary of the Trotuş in Romania.
The Niraj River  is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Aldămaş River  is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
The Aleşteu River is a tributary of the Gologan River in Romania.
The Aleu River is a tributary of the Crişul Pietros River in Romania.
Traditional heavy metal is the original style of heavy metal music before the genre "evolved and splintered into many different styles and subgenres." The term is used in reference to bands that are faithful to this original style.
"Soulcalibur", known in Japan as "", is a fighting video game made by Namco for the Arcades and the Dreamcast video game console.
"Disney's Aladdin Junior."  is one of the musicals in the Broadway Junior series by Music Theatre International.
When you see letters mixed with numbers and arithmetic, like "x"2+2"x"-7, there is a good chance that it is a polynomial.
In mathematics, an unknown is a number we don't know.
Agnieszka Włodarczyk (b.
"The last of the Clan McDuck" is the first chapter of The life and times of Scrooge McDuck's.
"The Master of the Mississippi" is the second chapter of the the life and times of Scrooge McDuck's.
"The Empire-Builder from Calisota"is the eleventh chapter of the life and times of Scrooge McDuck plot.
"The Richest Duck in the World" is the last chapter of the life and times of Scrooge McDuck's.
The Alexeni River is a tributary of the Dorna River in Romania.
The Alibeg River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
An online pharmacy is a pharmacy that operates on the Internet to sell medications to consumers.
The Alibeg River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
Juan Egenau, sculptor, February 24, 1927, April 22nd, 1987 Santiago Chile.
The Sadu River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
The Bârlad is a river in the eastern part of Romania.
The Bistricioara River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
The Jiul de Vest River is a headwater of the Jiu River in Romania.
The Olteţ River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The foramen magnum is one of several holes in the base of the skull.
Bipedalism is a form of movement on the ground.
The Taung Child is a fossil of a skull.
Dennis Rodman  played basketball in the NBA from 1986 to 2000.
Coconut water is the liquid inside young coconuts.
Ralph Waldo Ellison  was an African-American writer.
The federal government of the United States has three branches of government; the legislature, executive, and judiciary.
Draco Malfoy is a character from the "Harry Potter" stories.
Pichat is a chat software and protocol to communicate and exchange information.
PCLinuxOS is a Linux operating system.
Nutrition provides the cells of an organism with food, in a form they can use.
A Lei is a flower necklace from Hawaii.
Orchidaceae  is a large flower - family which grows nearly all over the world.
Steven Vincent Buscemi  is an Emmy-nominated American actor.
A closet is a small room in a room in which people put their clothes.
FreeDOS is a free and open-source operating system.
This article contains, or a least will contain, specific information on every epsiode in Disney's The Buzz on Maggie.
Coahoma County is a county located in the north-western part of Mississippi.
The Province of Bolzano-Bozen  is an autonomous province in the north of Italy.
The Province of Trento , also called Trentino, is an autonomous province of Italy.
The Walkers Stadium is a football stadium in Leicester, England, where Leicester City Football Club play their home football matches.
Botoşani (pronunciation in Romanian: is the capital city of Botoşani County, in the northern part of Moldavia, Romania.
The Little Ice Age  was a period of cooling after a warmer era that is known as the Medieval Warm Period.
A trade route is a series of pathways or roads that is used for the commercial transport of cargo.
Zircon is a silicate mineral.
Labradorite is one kind of feldspar.
Beryl is a silicate mineral, and is the main ore of beryllium metal.
Hallstatt is a village in Upper Austria.
The Mayflower Compact was the first governing document of Plymouth Colony.
John Stephen Piper  is a Reformed Baptist theologian, preacher, and author.
William Henry Gates III , commonly known as Bill Gates, is the co-founder and Chief of Microsoft.
A Fibula is an ancient brooch.
The Supreme Court building is home of the Supreme Court of the United States.
The Bethlehem Baptist Church  is a megachurch in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
A megachurch is a large church.
T.N.T.
The Medieval Warm Period  or Medieval Climate Optimum was a time of unusually warm climate in the North Atlantic region.
Motor sports are sports where the participants use a motor vehicle for sporting.
The Niagara IceDogs are a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey League based in St.
Haan is a town in the district of Mettmann in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
A gas chamber is an airtight room used for killing people or animals by means of gas.
Total Nonstop Action Wrestling  is a professional wrestling company founded in 2002 shortly after World Championship Wrestling closed down.
The Battle of the Bulge was a battle Allied Powers against Nazi Germany That took place during World War II.
Nothing is a concept of being without all form of matter.
The Moon  is what people generally say when talking about Earth's moon.
The United States Electoral College is a name used to describe the 538 Presidential electors who come together every four years during the presidential election to give their official votes for President and Vice President of the United States.
Will Ryan is a voice actor from Cleveland, Ohio.
The term colonial history of the United States refers to the history of the land that would become the United States from the beginning of European settlement to the time of freedom from Europe, and particularly to the history of the thirteen colonies of Britain which stated themselves free in 1776.
Animals who live under human control or care are in captivity.
The Choctaw are a Native American people originally from the Southeastern United States.
Native Americans in the United States are the indigenous peoples from the areas of North America now part of the continental United States, including parts of Alaska.
Brian Cowen  is the current Taoiseach  of the Republic of Ireland.
A web chat is a chat system to exchange information via the Web.
The British Grand Prix is a car race normally held in Silverstone in Northamptonshire but it has been held at other racing circuits including Brands Hatch in Kent.
The Ob is a river in Siberia.
Deduction is one of the two main types of reasoning.
Induction is one of the two main forms of logical reasoning.
The Moon Landing Conspiracy Theory is the idea some people have that men did not really land on the moon.
Oklahoma Territory was an organized territory of the United States from May 2, 1890 until November 16, 1907, when Oklahoma became the 46th state.
A scientific theory is a law of science that has been tested carefully many times by many people.
Marin-Epagnier is a municipality in the district of Neuchâtel in the Swiss canton of Neuchâtel.
Magdalenenberg is the name for a tumulus grave.
Sacred Cenote  is a well known cenote at the Maya site of Chichen Itza.
A cenote  is a type of sinkhole that contains groundwater.
"Monkton is an English village located on the Canterbury-Ramsgate road, at the south-western edge of the Isle of Thanet, Kent near St Nicholas at Wade and Minster-in-Thanet.
Black ties is the word for a type of clothing that normally includes either a dinner jacket suit that consists of a jacket and matching trouser.
An electric chair is a specially built chair which is used on execution by electrocution  of convicted criminals.
The Santiago Bernabéu is a football stadium in Madrid, Spain.
Electrocution or electric shock is when electricity passes through something living.
Stora Enso is a Finnish-Swedish cellulose and paper making corporation.
A SpeechWeb is a collection of SpeechWeb applications.
Tikal  is the largest of the ancient ruined cities of the Maya civilization.
Bards were probably a social class in Celtic Europe.
A mausoleum is a building used to store the remains of people who have died.
Possibly among the earliest traces of art are Venus figurines.
This is a list of Muslims, or people who follow Islam.
The Venus of Tan-Tan is a venus figurine.
The Venus of Berekhat Ram is a stone that was found on the Golan Heights in 1981.
This is a list of Baptists.
Joy is an emotion of great happiness.
Chattanooga is the fourth-largest city in Tennessee, a state in the United States of America.
Desiring God is the name of the ministry of John Piper of Bethlehem Baptist Church in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Greenville is a city in South Carolina, United States.
"This article is about the theologian (b.
Prostate cancer is a disease in which cancer develops in the prostate, a gland in the male reproductive system.
Johnny Reid "John" Edwards 1953) is an American politician who served one term as U.S.
The Fuller Theological Seminary is located in Pasadena, California.
In Western Christian theology, a Bachelor of Divinity  is usually an undergraduate academic degree given for courses taken in the study of divinity.
Freespire is a Linux distribution made with parts from Ubuntu.
In Christianity, the spiritual gifts are gifts given to Christians.
The word sanctification  refers to the act of making holy or setting apart special.
Glossolalia   "to talk") is being able to say fluent languages but without knowing them.
Christian hedonism is a controversial Christian doctrine in some evangelical churches.
The Geelong Cats have a good record with most nominations for "Goal of the Year".
Ceramics is the name for materials that are formed by the use of heat.
Yucatec Maya  is a Mayan language spoken in the Yucatán Peninsula.
Uxmal is a large pre-Columbian city.
Tayasal is a pre-Columbian Maya archaeological site from the Postclassic period.
An Archeological site is a physical location where archaeologists work.
Copán was a Maya city.
Stephenie Meyer  is an American author.
Flora Jane Thompson  was an English novelist and poet that was famous for her semi-autobiographical trilogy about the English countryside, "Lark Rise to Candleford".
ClamWin is a free, open source antivirus software for Microsoft Windows.
Marcel "Marco" van Basten  is a former Dutch football player.
Masonry is the building of structures from individual units laid in and bound together by mortar.
"Lark Rise to Candleford" is a trilogy of semi-autobiographical novels about the English countryside, written by Flora Thompson, and first published in that form in 1945.
"Lark Rise to Candleford" is a 2008 British television costume drama series, adapted by the BBC from Flora Thompson's trilogy of semi-autobiographical novels about the English countryside.
Cinnabar is a mineral.
The rattlesnake is a kind of snake, a reptile.
"12 Rounds" is an upcoming  movie set to be directed by Renny Harlin and produced by WWE Films.
The Miami Seaquarium is an aquarium located on Virginia Key, in Miami, Florida.
The winter solstice occurs at the second when the Sun's place in the sky is at its greatest angular distance on the side of the equatorial plane from the watcher.
Sergio Castillo  is a sculptor.
The summer solstice occurs at the instant when the Sun's place in the sky is at its smallest angular distance on the side of the equatorial plane from the watcher.
The Central Bearded Dragon is the common name for the species "Pogona vitticeps", a type of lizard that lives in dry areas of Australia.
Mensa International  is the largest, oldest and most famous high-IQ group of people in the world.
Celine Viplana is the starter of Celine, a French luxury house.
When a plural exists, it is often Mensae, such as Cydonia Mensae.
Intertel is the second oldest and third largest high IQ society.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average , also called the DJIA, Dow 30, or informally The Dow Jones or The Dow) is one of a few stock markets created by nineteenth century "Wall Street Journal" editor and Dow Jones & Company co-founder Charles Dow.
Old Major is a character in the book "Animal Farm".
Amazonas is the biggest state in Brazil by area.
The Yanomami are an indigenous tribe living in southern Venezuela  and northern Brazil .
Glamis Castle is one of the most famous castles in the United Kingdom.
In geography an oasis is an isolated place in the desert where there is vegetation.
The Ancient Near East is the name given to early civilizations within a region roughly corresponding to the modern Middle East: Mesopotamia , Persia , Anatolia , the Levant , and Ancient Egypt, from the rise of Sumer in the 4th millennium BCE until the region's conquest by Alexander the Great in the 4th century BCE, or covering both the Bronze Age and the Iron Age in the region.
Clover is a character from "Animal Farm".
Boxer is a character from the book Animal Farm by George Orwell.
In the fictional story "Animal Farm", Benjamin is the most elderly animal on Manor Farm, and extremely hot-tempered.
Atari 2600 is a video game console which was released in the United States in October 1977.
The Sega Master System is a video game console made in 1986.
A "platform game", or "platformer", is a video game where the player has to jump from and to platforms or over obstacles.
A remote control is a device used to issue commands  from a distance to televisions, DVD players and so on.
"Spacewar!" is one of the first known video games.
Giotto di Bondone , usually known as Giotto, was an Italian painter and architect from Florence.
Gaius or Caius Plinius Caecilius Secundus, born Gaius or Caius Plinius Caecilius (61/63 in Como - ca.
The Moura solar photovoltaic power station is located in the municipality of Moura, in the interior region of Alentejo, Portugal, and will have an installed capacity of 62 MWp.
Jérémie  is a city in southwest Haiti.
The 1979 Three Mile Island accident at the Three Mile Island Nuclear Power Plant in Pennsylvania was "the single most important event in the fifty-year history of nuclear power regulation in the United States".
The Windscale fire was a devastating fire in Britain's first nuclear reactor at Windscale  in 1957.
Japan's worst nuclear radiation accident took place at a uranium reprocessing facility in Tokaimura, northeast of Tokyo, Japan, on 30 September, 1999.
Nuclear accidents in Japan include: the fast breeder Monju Nuclear Power Plant sodium leak in December 1995 , the Tokai reprocessing waste explosion in March 1997, the criticality accident at the Tokai fuel fabrication facility in September 1999 and a widespread falsification scandal starting in August 2002 that lead to shut down all of Tokyo Electric Power Company’s 17 nuclear reactors.
Nuclear energy policy is a national and international policy concerning some or all aspects of nuclear energy, such as mining for nuclear fuel, extraction and processing of nuclear fuel from the ore, generating electricity by nuclear power, enriching and storing spent nuclear fuel and nuclear fuel reprocessing.
The most serious nuclear accident was the Chernobyl disaster in 1986.
The parallel port  is a type of interface found on computers for connecting various peripherals.
Plastic surgery is a surgery that is done to change the way a person's body looks or works.
The Nürburgring, known as simply "the Ring" by enthusiasts, is the name of a famous motorsport race track in Nürburg, Germany, built in the 1920s around the village and medieval castle of Nürburg in the Eifel, which is about 70 kilometres south of Cologne, 100 kilometres northwest of Mainz, and 120 kilometres northwest of Frankfurt.
Aung San Suu Kyi ; born June 19, 1945 in Yangon, Burma is a woman who tries to bring democracy to her country.
Ranger Uranium Mine is a large uranium deposit located within the borders of the Kakadu National Park.
Mollie is a character from the book "Animal Farm".
The Nevada Test Site is an area set aside for the testing of nuclear weapons.
Napoleon is a character in the book Animal Farm.
Snowball is a character in the book "Animal Farm".
Australia has no nuclear power stations and the current Rudd Labor government is opposed to nuclear power for Australia.
The sublingual glands are one of the main three pairs of salivary glands.
For many years the anti-nuclear movement in the United States succeeded in delaying or halting commitments to build some new nuclear plants.
Prajna is a Buddhist word meaning wisdom.
Fair use is used by Internet service providers who don't have data limits.
Squealer is a porker on Manor Farm in the book "Animal Farm".
Minimus is a character in the book "Animal Farm".
On January 25 2006, Palestinians voted for the Palestinian Legislative Council , the legislature of the Palestinian National Authority .
The Cugir River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Beliu River is a tributary of the Teuz River in Romania.
The Bega , German: "Bega", Hungarian: "Béga") is a 254 km long river in Romania  and Serbia .
The Doftana River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
Tizimín is a city in Mexico.
The Almălău River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
The Almaş River is a tributary of the Cracău River in Romania.
The Almaş River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
Dick Locher is a person who makes cartoons.
Come See the Paradise is a movie made in 1990 that shows what happened to people from Japan in World War II if they were living in America.
The Almaş River is a tributary of the Drauţ River in Romania.
The Bertea River is a tributary of the Vărbilău River in Romania.
The Ozunca River or Băţani River is a tributary of the Baraolt River in Romania.
The Baraolt River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Vedea River  in the southern part of Romania comes up from the Cotmeana Plateau and flows into the Danube.
The Boca River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
The Tisza is one of the major rivers of Central Europe.
Paris Tramway Line 1 is one of the tram lines in Paris.
The flag and banner of the U.S.
Luis Carlos de Morais Jr.
The Great Seal of Oklahoma is a five-pointed star in a circle.
Orienteering is a sport where people run around a place with instructions on a map.
Charles Bradford "Brad" Henry  is the Governor of the U.S.
The Governor of the State of Oklahoma is the head of state for the State of Oklahoma, United States.
"King of Klondike" is the main chapter of The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck.
Tbe Billionaire of Dismal Downs is the ninth episode of The life and times of Scrooge McDuck.
A Cage of Nightingales is a 1945 French movie directed by Jean Dréville.
Clarence Clifton Young  was an American politician from the state of Nevada.
San Salvador is the capital and largest city of the nation of El Salvador.
Ivybridge is a small town in the county of Devon in England .
Emin Pariz Saidoff  and Christina Princess Saidoff  are Dutch celebrities, party animals, models, singers, actors and television personalities.
OGame is a browser-based strategy game.
Menopause means the natural and permanent stopping of menstruation.
Dong Hoi Airport is an airport in Dong Hoi City in Quang Binh Province, in central Vietnam.
Sandals are an open type of footwear, consisting of a sole held to the wearer's foot by straps or thongs passing over the instep and around the ankle.
Beetlejuice is a television show about a teenage girl named Lydia who does not like her school peers and from nowhere a ghost name Beetlejuice appears.
Agrigento is a province in the autonomous region of Sicily in Italy.
Caltanissetta is a province in the autonomous region of Sicily in Italy.
Catania is a province in the autonomous region Sicily in Italy.
Enna is a province in the autonomous region of Sicily in Italy.
Messina is a province in the autonomous region of Sicily.
Palermo is a province in the autonomous region of Sicily in Italy.
Ragusa is a province in the autonomous region of Sicily, Italy.
Patrick Stewart  is an English actor.
Syracuse is a province in the autonomous region of Sicily in Italy.
Trapani is a province in the autonomous region of Sicily in Italy.
Cagliari is a province in the autonomous region of Sardinia in Italy.
Carbonia-Iglesias is a province in the autonomous region of Sardinia, Italy.
Andy Abraham  is an English singer-songwriter.
Seahorses are a type of fish.
The Cavnic River is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
The Trotuş River in the eastern part of Romania comes up from the Ciuc Mountains in the Eastern Carpathians and joins the Siret River.
The Talna River is a tributary of the Tur River in Romania.
Jijia is a river in the Moldavia region of Romania.
The Târnava Mare River  is a river in Romania.
The Crişul Alb  or Fehér-Körös  is a river in the western part of Romania  and the south-eastern part of Hungary .
The Someşul Mic River  is a river in the north-western part of Romania .
Neajlov is a river in Romania.
The Târnava Mică River  is a river in Romania.
The Jiul de Est River is a headwater of the Jiu River in Romania.
Latvian lats are the currency used in Latvia.
The Almaş River  is a river in Romania.
The Almaş River  is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Almaş River is a tributary of the Pârâul Mijlociu in Romania.
The Almaş River or Valea Fildului River  is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
In grammar, a lexical category  is a type of word.
"The Plague Dogs" is a 1977 novel written by Richard Adams, famous for his well-known and best-selling novel, "Watership Down".
House is a medical drama shown on TV, created by David Shore in 2004.
Medio Campidano is a province in the autonomous region of Sardinia in Italy.
Nuoro is a province in the autonomous region of Sardinia in Italy.
Ogliastra ia a province in the autonomous region of Sardinia in Italy.
Olbia-Tempio is a province in the autonomous region of Sardinia in Italy.
Oristano is a province in the autonomous region of Sardinia in Italy.
Sassari is a province in the autonomous region of Sardinia in Italy.
War of the two brothers , was a war in 1527 .
Lost cities were real cities that for some reason their location was lost.
Warpfire is a RPG.
Popol Vuh was a German Krautrock band that was founded by pianist and keyboardist Florian Fricke in 1970 together with Holger Trulzsch  and Frank Fiedler .
Franchising is a business method that involves the licensing of trademarks and methods of doing business.
Alessandria is a province in the region of Piedmont, Italy.
Asti is a province in the region of Piedmont, Italy.
Biella is a province in the region of Piedmont, Italy.
Cuneo is a province in the region of Piedmont, Italy.
Novara is a province in the region of Piedmont, Italy.
Turin  is a province in the region of Piedmont, Italy.
Verbano-Cusio-Ossola is a province in the region of Piedmont, Italy.
Vercelli is a province in the region of Piedmont, Italy.
Campobasso is a province in the region of Molise, Italy.
Isernia is a province in the region of Molise, Italy.
Ancona is a province in the region of Marche in Italy.
A cannon is a type of artillery, or large gun.
Macerata is a province in the region of Marche in Italy.
Steven Cherundolo  is an American soccer player.
WrestleMania 25 is the upcoming twenty-fifth yearly WrestleMania professional wrestling Pay-per-view produced by World Wrestling Entertainment and is scheduled to take place on April 5, 2009 at Reliant Stadium in Houston, Texas.
The Almaşul Mic River is a tributary of the Valea Crişului River in Romania.
The Almăşel River is a tributary of the Geoagiu River in Romania.
The Almăşeni River is a tributary of the Iara River in Romania.
The judeţe  are administrative units of Romania.
Alba  is a county  of Romania, in Transylvania.
Arad  is a county  of Romania, in Crişana.
Sanrio Co., Ltd.
John Burningham is a childrens book writer and illustrator.
The Kate Greenaway Medal is an award that was created in the United Kingdom in 1955.
Catherine "Kate" Greenaway  was a children's book illustrator and writer.
"The Cry Of The Icemark" is the first book in the Icemark Chronicles that are written by the English author Stuart Hill.
"Blade of Fire" is the second book in Stuart Hill's fantasy series, the Icemark Chronicles.
Stuart Hill is a British author who was born in 1958.
Chinon is a town and commune of the Indre-et-Loire "département" in France.
The Ring Of Fire is a area with active volcanoes.
Palenque  is a Maya archeological site near the Usumacinta River in the Mexican state of Chiapas.
Jack Frasure Hyles  was a important person in the independent Baptist movement.
Old Faithful is a cone geyser located in Wyoming, in Yellowstone National Park in the United States.
The "Odyssey" is an ancient Greek epic poem by Homer.
Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata  is an Argentina sports club, of the city of La Plata, Buenos Aires.
Pesaro and Urbino is a province in the region of Marche in Italy.
The Duchess of Cornwall  is the wife of The Prince of Wales.
Clarence House is the home of The Prince of Wales in London.
Heals  is a British department store chain comprising of seven stores, and was founded in 1810 by John Harris Heal.
Chain stores are a range of retail outlets which share a brand and central management, usually with standardized business methods and practices.
Bergamo is a province in the region of Lombardy in Italy.
Brescia is a province in the region of Lombardy in Italy.
Como is a province in the region of Lombardy in Italy.
Cremona is a province in the region of Lombardy in Italy.
St.
Jefferson Parish is a parish in the U.S.
King's Lynn is a town and port in Norfolk, England.
Peterhof  is a town within the Petrodvortsovy District of the federal city of Saint Petersburg on the southern shore of the Gulf of Finland .
Haltern  is a town and a municipality in the district of Recklinghausen, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Rapides Parish is a parish in the U.S.
The enteric nervous system  is a subdivision of the Peripheral nervous system, that directly controls the gastrointestinal system.
Carl Frederick Tandberg , was a bass fiddle musician who recorded with Glen Campbell and Frankie Ortega.
A personification is a figure of speech that gives an inanimate object human traits and qualities, such as emotions, desires, sensations, physical gestures and speech.
"The Named" is a fantasy book that was written by Marianne Curley.
"The Dark" is a fantasy book that was written by Marianne Curley.
"The Key" is a fantasy book that was written by Marianne Curley.
Marianne Curley'",  is an Australian writer.
The "Guardians of Time" Trilogy is a series of fictional books that are written by Marianne Curley.
"Ender's Game"  is one of the most famous books written by Orson Scott Card.
Orson Scott Card  is a popular American writer, a critic, political writer, and speaker.
"Genius Squad" is a book that was written by Catherine Jinks in 2008.
"Evil Genius" is a book written by Catherine Jinks in 2005.
Catherine Jinks  is an Australian writer.
Public speaking is speaking to a group of people in an organized way with the hope to give information to, influence, or entertain the listeners.
The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill  is a university in Chapel Hill, North Carolina.
Michigan State University  is a public university in East Lansing, Michigan.
The Big Ten Conference is the United States' oldest Division I college athletic conference.
For the majority of numbered asteroids, almost nothing is known apart from a few physical parameters.
Asteroids are assigned a type based on spectral shape, color, and sometimes albedo.
The Gallic group is a dynamical grouping of the prograde irregular satellites of Saturn following similar orbits.
Sulawesi (formerly known as Celebes, is one of the four larger Sunda Islands of Indonesia and is situated between Borneo and the Maluku Islands.
Flores is one of the Lesser Sunda Islands, an island arc with an estimated area of 14,300 km² extending east from the Java island of Indonesia.
Sumbawa is an Indonesian island, located in the middle of the Lesser Sunda Islands chain, with Lombok to the west, Flores to the east, and Sumba further to the southeast.
Clothing in Ancient Rome is most commonly known by the toga and stola.
Tibia is a MMORPG Video game.
The Royal Library of Turin is a important museum in Turin, Italy.
The tibia, shinbone, or shankbone is the larger and stronger of the two bones in the leg below the knee in vertebrates.
Chauzon is a commune of the Ardèche "département" in the southern part of France.
Chazeaux is a commune of the Ardèche "département" in the southern part of France.
Cheminas is a commune of the Ardèche "département" in the southern part of France.
Le Cheylard is a commune of the Ardèche "département" in the southern part of France.
"Theory of Colours"  is a book by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe published in 1810.
Orthodox is a word about beliefs.
William Penn Adair “Will” Rogers  was a Cherokee-American cowboy, comedian, humorist, social commentator, vaudeville performer and actor.
'Tetris DX is a video game released in 1998 for the Game Boy Color console.
Alkenes are a group of hydrocarbons.
"Afrodisiac" is the fourth studio album by American R&B/pop singer Brandy, released by Atlantic Records on June 28, 2004 outside North America and on June 29, 2004  in Canada and the United States.
A boy is a young male, usually human, or may refer to a man regardless of age.
"Speaker for the Dead"  is a science fiction book that is written by Orson Scott Card.
"Xenocide"  is a science fiction book that is third in the Ender's Game series.
"Children of the Mind"  is the fourth book of Orson Scott Card's popular Ender's Game series, a series of science fiction novels that focus on the character Ender Wiggin.
"Ender's Shadow"  is a science fiction book that was written by Orson Scott Card.
"Shadow of the Hegemon"  is the second book in the "Ender's Shadow" series  by Orson Scott Card.
Bernard Haitink (b.
"Shadow Puppets" , by Orson Scott Card, is the sequel to "Shadow of the Hegemon" and the third book in the Ender's Shadow series .
"Libération"  is a French daily newspaper founded in Paris in 1973 by Jean-Paul Sartre.
Justice can mainly mean either: a concern for genuine respect and is fair and equal.
"Shadow of the Giant"  is the fourth book in Orson Scott Card's Ender's Shadow series .
The Metropolitan Tabernacle is a large Reformed Baptist church in the Elephant and Castle in London.
The Icemark Chronicles is a series of books consisting of "The Cry of the Icemark", followed by "Blade of Fire", and "Last Battle of the Icemark" .
"Songmaster"  is a science fiction book by Orson Scott Card.
College football is American football played by teams of students from different American universities, colleges, and military academies.
"Eye for Eye"  is a science fiction novella  by Orson Scott Card.
"Seventh Son"  is an alternate history fantasy book written by Orson Scott Card.
The Locus Awards were started in 1971 and are given to winners of "Locus Magazine's" yearly readers' poll.
The Nebula Award is an award given each year by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America , for the best science fiction/fantasy fiction written in the United States.
An allergen is something that causes allergies in humans.
Kurt Masur (b.
Lecco is a province in the region of Lombardy in italy.
Lodi is a province in the region of Lombardy in Italy.
Mantua ) is a province in the region of Lombardy in Italy.
The 2008 Sichuan earthquake , was a big earthquake in China on May 12, 2008.
"Alvin Journeyman"  is an alternate history/fantasy book that was written by Orson Scott Card.
Milan  is a province in the region of Lombardy in Italy.
"Red Prophet"  is an alternate history/fantasy book by Orson Scott Card.
Pavia is a province in the region of Lombardy in Italy.
Sondrio is a province in the region of Lombardy in Italy.
Varese is a province in the region of Lombardy in Italy.
"Prentice Alvin"  is an alternate history/fantasy book that was written by Orson Scott Card.
George Winston is a pianist from the U.S.
Octane is an alkane .
Frederick William Herschel  was a British astronomer.
The Caiman is a subfamily of the Alligators.
Cluj is a county  of Romania, in Transylvania.
Tangipahoa Parish is a parish in the U.S.
Quetzalcoatl  is an Aztec sky and creator god.
"Heartfire"  is an alternate history/fantasy book that was written by Orson Scott Card.
Pattern matching is a family of tools for finding similar objects in different sources.
"The Crystal City"  is an alternate history/fantasy book that is written by Orson Scott Card.
The Tales of Alvin Maker is a series of books that are written by Orson Scott Card that revolve around the experiences of a young man named Alvin Miller who finds out that he powers for making and changing things around him.
The Atlanta Falcons are an American football team in Atlanta, Georgia.
The New Orleans Saints are a professional American football team in New Orleans, Louisiana.
The St.
Gary Lightbody was born on June 15, 1976 in Northern Ireland.
"Analog Science Fiction and Fact" is an American science fiction magazine.
Telnet is a common network protocol used on the Internet and also inside a LAN .
Ofcom is the United Kingdom's regulatory body for telecommunications.
Pedro Antonio Marín,  known by his pseudonym, Manuel Marulanda Vélez, and nicknamed by his comrades "Tirofijo'" , apparently because of a reputed ability to accurately aim firearms.
The Jaidon River is a tributary of the Turia River in Romania.
The Isidon River is a tributary of the Jaidon River in Romania.
This is a list of rivers of Romania, letter B .
David Livingstone  was a Scottish medical missionary with the London Missionary Society.
Stockwell Orphanage was an orphanage in Stockwell, London, England.
The Alun River is a tributary of the Luncani River in Romania.
The Aluna River is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
The Aluniş River is a tributary of the Bertea River in Romania.
The Aluniş River is a tributary of the Canalul Timiş.
The Aluniş River  is a tributary of the Călata River.
The Aluniş River is a tributary of the Homorodul Mic River in Romania.
The Stufu River is a tributary of the Aluniş River in Romania.
The Cincinnati Cyclones are a premier "AA" hockey team in the ECHL league.
Timor is an island at the south end of the Malay Archipelago, north of the Timor Sea.
Biggar is a town in South Lanarkshire, Scotland.
South Lanarkshire is a county in the central part of Scotland.
North Lanarkshire is a county in the central part of Scotland.
Motherwell is a large town in North Lanarkshire, Scotland.
A Stirling engine is a kind of heat engine that converts heat into useful mechanical energy by the movement of a piston inside a cylinder within the engine.
Wishaw is a town in North Lanarkshire, Scotland.
FARC  is the abbreviation of Fuerzas Armadas Revolucionarias de Colombia - Ejército del Pueblo.
Lanarkshire , also called the County of Lanark, used to be a county of Scotland.
An atoll is a kind of island.
Genoa  is a province in the region of Liguria in Italy.
Imperia is a province in the region of Liguria in Italy.
La Spezia is a province in the region of Liguria in Italy.
Savona is a province in the region of Liguria in Italy.
Evelyn Waugh ,  was an English writer.
Dima Bilan  is a Russian singer.
Thankerton is a village in South Lanarkshire, Scotland, close to Biggar and Lanark.
"Brideshead Revisited, The Sacred & Profane Memories of Captain Charles Ryder" is a novel by the English writer Evelyn Waugh.
Wilton Norman "Wilt" Chamberlain  was an American basketball player.
Kirkfieldbank is a village in South Lanarkshire, Scotland.
Jacqueline du Pré,  was an English cellist.
New Lanark is a village in South Lanarkshire, Scotland.
A master class is a lesson given by a famous musician or artist to a small group of students.
North Medwyn is a river in the Lanarkshire area of Scotland.
The South Medwyn is a river in the Lanarkshire area of Scotland.
Flowing into the North Sea.
Hamilton is a town in South Lanarkshire, Scotland.
Frosinone is a province in the region of Latium  in Italy.
Latina is a province in the region of Latium  in Italy.
The Pintic River is a tributary of the Dipşa River in Romania.
The Nechitu River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
The Boura River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Camenca River or Caminca River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
Rieti is a province in the region of Latium  in Italy.
The Aluniş River is a tributary of the Mogheruş River in Romania.
Rome  is a province in the region of Latium  in Italy.
The Măgheruş River or Aluniş River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Aluniş River is a tributary of the Nireş River in Romania.
The Aluniş River is a tributary of the Pârâul Mijlociu in Romania.
The Aluniş River is a tributary of the Săcuieu River in Romania.
The Aluniş River is a tributary of the Valea Gorganului River in Romania.
The Valea Gorganului River is a tributary of the Turia River in Romania.
Derren Brown  is an English magician, psychological illusionist, mentalist, and painter.
"Fall of a Kingdom" is the first book in the Farsala Trilogy by American author Hilari Bell.
"Rise of a Hero" is a fantasy book that was written in 2005 by Hilari Bell.
Forging the Sword is a fantasy book that was written by Hilari Bell.
"The Farsala Trilogy" is a series of three fantasy books that are written by Hilari Bell.
A Watchtower is a very high tower.
Hilari Bell  is an American fantasy writer.
The Aluniş River is a tributary of the Viţău River in Romania.
Argeş  is a county  of Romania, in Wallachia.
The Iminog River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Sibiel River is a tributary of the Pârâul Negru in Romania.
The Ardeiu River is a tributary of the Sibiel River in Romania.
The Dunga River is a tributary of the Baraolt River in Romania.
The Scaunu River or Şerpatac River or Spătac River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Sedloca River or Sedloco River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Cadu River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Racu River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Pustnic River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Fitod River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Cozmeni River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Borviz River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Talomir River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Opat River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Oboga River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Ucea River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Surdui River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Top River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Boia River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
Note: in Bulgarian, "reka" means "river".
The Netot River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Berivoi River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Dridif River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
Cibin  is a river in the southern part of Transylvania in Romania.
The Topolog River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Scundu River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
Henry Agard Wallace  was the 33rd Vice President of the United States .
The Araci River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Debren River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
Cumulonimbus  is a type of cloud that is tall, dense, and involved in thunderstorms and other intense weather.
The Grotu River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Bora River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Coasta River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
An updraft or downdraft is the vertical movement of air as weather causes two forces to move.
The Calnic River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
A molecular cloud is a type of interstellar cloud whose density and size permits the formation of molecules, most commonly molecular hydrogen .
Covasna  is a county  of Romania, in Transylvania.
Phoenix is a robotic spacecraft on a space exploration mission on Mars under the Mars Scout Program.
Bacău  is a county  of Romania, in Moldavia.
Bihor , in Hungarian: "Bihar" , is a county  of Romania, in Crişana.
The semi-presidential system is a system of government where both the prime minister and the president run the day-to-day affairs of the state.
A unitary state is a state whose three organs of state are ruled constitutionally as one unit, with central legislature.
The exploration of Mars has been an important part of the space exploration programs of the Soviet Union , the United States, Europe, and Japan.
A dojo  is a Japanese term which literally means "place of the Way".
Gorj  is a county  of Romania, in Oltenia.
Dolj  is a county  of Romania, in Oltenia.
The Pârâul Negru River or Sălişte River is a tributary of the Cibin River in Romania.
Moldoveanu Peak  is the highest mountain in Romania, being located in the Făgăraş Mountains of the Southern Carpathians.
Făgăraş Mountains are the highest mountains of the Southern Carpathians, in Romania.
The Southern Carpathians , also called the Transylvanian Alps, are a group of mountainranges.
Viştea Mare is a mountainpeak in the Făgăraş Mountains of the Southern Carpathians of Braşov county in Romania.
Victoria is a town in the western part of Braşov County, Romania, near the Făgăraş Mountains.
Câmpulung, or Câmpulung Muscel, is a city in Argeş County, Romania.
In common usage, saving generally means putting money aside, for example, by putting money in the bank or investing in a pension plan.
A time deposit  is a money deposit at a banking institution that cannot be withdrawn for a certain "term" or period of time.
Craiova , the fifth biggest Romanian city, is the capital of Dolj County.
Târgu Jiu  is the capital of Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania.
Exploration is the act of searching or traveling for the purpose of discovery, e.g.
Mineral exploration is the process undertaken by companies, partnerships or corporations in the endeavour of finding ore  to mine.
Prospecting is the physical search for minerals, fossils, precious metals or mineral specimens, and is also known as fossicking.
Cycloalkanes are hydrocarbons.
An isomer in chemistry is a chemical which has the same molecular formula as another, but who's 3D configuration in space is it's exact mirror-image, meaning they cannot be superposed, implying obligatorily the breakage of one chemical bound, and the formation of another.
In Aztec mythology, Huitzilopochtli, also spelled Uitzilopochtli, was a god of war, a sun god, and the patron of the city of Tenochtitlan.
Tezcatlipoca (was a central deity in Aztec mythology.
Tezcatlipoca  was a central deity in Aztec religion.
Viterbo is a province in the region of Latium  in Italy.
North London is the northern part of London, England.
Gorizia is a province in the region of Friuli-Venezia Giulia in Italy.
Tezcatlipoca I is a fictional character who appeared in the DC Comics' series Wonder Woman and is a god from Aztec mythology.
The Province of Trieste  is a province in the autonomous Friuli-Venezia Giulia region of Italy.
The Province of Udine (It.
The Province of Pordenone  is a province in the autonomous region of Friuli-Venezia Giulia in Italy.
Bologna is a province in the region of Emilia-Romagna in Italy.
Ferrara is a province in the region of Emilia-Romagna in Italy.
Forlì-Cesana is a province in the region of Emilia-Romagna in Italy.
Modena is a province in the region of Emilia-Romagna in Italy.
Parma is a province in the region of Emilia-Romagna in Italy.
Piacenza is a province in the region of Emilia-Romagna in Italy.
Ravenna is a province in the region of Emilia-Romagna in Italy.
A crackme (is a small program designed to test a programmers reverse engineering skills.
Reggio Emilia is a province in the region of Emilia-Romagna in Italy.
Rimini is a province in the region of Emilia-Romagna in Italy.
Soldering is a process in which two or more metal items are joined together by melting and flowing a filler metal into the joint, the filler metal having a relatively low melting point.
Corythosaurus is a genus of ornithopod was a large are plant-eating, duck-billed dinosaur.
Loitering is an intransitive verb meaning to stand around without doing anything.
Ornithopods are a group of bird-hipped dinosaurs that started out as small, bipedal running grazers, and grew in size and numbers until they became one of the most successful groups of herbivores in the Cretaceous world, and dominated the North American landscape.
A millionaire  is an individual whose net worth or wealth has one million dollars in the stock market.
Sales are the activities involved in selling products or services in return for money or other compensation.
In professional wrestling, the sell is the physical element of making the action look real to the crowd.
An investment is a term with several closely-related meanings in business management, finance and economics, related to saving or deferring consumption.
Returns in economics and political economy, are the distributions or payments awarded to the various suppliers of the factors of production.
Mystery plays and Miracle plays are among the earliest formally developed plays in medieval Europe.
The Province of Avellino  is a province in the Campania region of Italy.
The Province of Benevento  is a province in the Campania region of Italy.
The Province of Caserta  is a province in the Campania region of Italy.
The Province of Naples  is a province in the Campania region of Italy.
The Province of Salerno  is a province in the Campania region of Italy.
Siegmund Nissel  was an Austrian-born British violinist who played second violin in the famous Amadeus Quartet.
Dong Xian   – 1 BC) was a Han Dynasty politician who quickly rose from obscurity as a minor official to being the most powerful official in the imperial administration of Emperor Ai within a span of a few years.
Emperor Ai of Han  was an emperor of the Chinese Han Dynasty.
Empress Fu, formally Empress Xiaoai, was an empress during the Han Dynasty.
Empress Zhao Feiyan (c.
In medicine, a bypass usually means making another route for the blood to flow.
Max Rostal  was a violinist who was a famous violin teacher.
Peter Schidlof  was an Austrian-British [violist.
Catanzaro is a province in the region of Calabria in Italy.
Cosenza is a province in the region of Calabria in Italy.
Crotone is a province in the region of Calabria in Italy.
Reggio Calabria is a province in the region of Calabria in Italy.
Vibo Valentia is a province in the region of Calabria in Italy.
Matera is a province in the region of Basilicata in Italy.
Potenza is a province in the region of Basilicata in Italy.
Amber Adriana Helena Rives , better known as Amber Rives, is an American model/songwriter.
__NOTOC__ .
In typography, a font or fount is usually defined as a set of all the characters of a single size of a typeface.
A lectern  is a reading desk with a slanted top.
An epistle   is a writing sent to a person or group of people.
Anglo-Saxon architecture was a period in the history of architecture in England and parts of Wales, from the mid-5th century until the Norman Conquest of 1066.
The term Norman architecture is used to categorize styles of Romanesque architecture made by the Normans in the land that was under their dominion or influence in the 11th and 12th centuries.
English Gothic is the name of the architectural style that was very popular in England from about 1180 until about 1520.
Salisbury Cathedral is an Anglican cathedral located in Salisbury, Wiltshire, England.
A fan vault is a form of vault used in the Perpendicular Gothic style.
"Gert Fram" is a short story that was written by Orson Scott Card in 1977.
The Vezina Trophy is awarded every year to the National Hockey League's goaltender who is chosen as the best goaltender.
"The Memory of Earth"  is the first book of the Homecoming Saga by Orson Scott Card.
"The Call of Earth"  is the second book in the Homecoming Saga by Orson Scott Card.
"The Ships of Earth"  is the third book in the Homecoming Saga.
The Homecoming Saga is a science fiction series by Orson Scott Card.
"Earthfall"  is the fourth book of the Homecoming Saga.
"Earthborn"  is the fifth book of the Homecoming Saga.
Tor Books is an American book publishing company.
King's College Chapel is the chapel to King's College of the University of Cambridge.
Sir Christopher Wren  was a 17th century English designer, astronomer and geometer .
Coventry Cathedral, also known as St.
The World Ocean, world ocean, or global ocean is a term used to define all the world's oceans as one big ocean.
The Bering Strait  is a sea strait between Cape Dezhnev, Russia, the easternmost point  of the Asian continent and Cape Prince of Wales, Alaska, the westernmost point  of the North American continent, with latitude of about 65° 40' north, slightly south of the Arctic Circle.
Monolophosaurus was a medium-sized meat-eater from China that lived during the Jurassic Period.
"Hart's Hope"  is a fantasy book that is written by Orson Scott Card.
Twillingate is a town that can be found on the Twillingate Islands off the coast of Newfoundland.
Gander is a town of about 9000 people located in the central region of Newfoundland, Canada.
A Trireme is an ancient oar-driven warship powered by about 170 oars men.
Fabrosauridae is a proposed family of primitive ornithischian dinosaurs from late Triassic and Jurassic.
"A Planet Called Treason"  is a science fiction book that was written by Orson Scott Card.
"Saints"  is a historical fiction book that was written by Orson Scott Card.
"Hot Sleep: The Worthing Chronicle"  is a science fiction book that was written by Orson Scott Card.
"The Worthing Chronicle"  is a science fiction book that was written by Orson Scott Card.
"Wyrms"  is a science fiction book that was written by Orson Scott Card.
The 2008 World Wrestling Entertainment  Draft will be the fifth yearly  Draft held by WWE.
The Poplar Forest is the retreat home of Thomas Jefferson, third president of the United States of America near Lynchburg, Virginia.
Interstate 8 or I-8 is an Interstate highway that runs from I-10 in the vicinity of Casa Grande AZ all the way to San Diego CA.
Regis Philbin is an American television personality.
William  Moggridge, a British industrial designer, is co-founder of the Silicon Valley-based design firm IDEO.
"Before I Self Destruct" is 50 Cent's fourth album.
Udanoceratops had a very large skull  with no nasal horn.
Antonio Pappano  is a British conductor and pianist of Italian origin.
Boris Berezovsky  is a famous Russian pianist.
Balto is a Siberian Husky.
Sir Colin Davis, (b.
Sea caves are a hollow chamber in a coastal cliff, made by the pounding power of crashing waves.
Valery Abisalovich Gergiev  is a Russian conductor and opera company director of Ossetian birth.
Chris Rock is an African American comedian.
Bari is a province in the region of Apulia in Italy.
Brindisi is a province in the region of Apulia in Italy.
Foggia is a province in the region of Apulia in Italy.
Lecce is a province in the region of Apulia in Italy.
Taranto is a province in the region of Apulia in Italy.
L'Aquila is a province in the region of Abruzzo in Italy.
Chieti is a province in the region of Abruzzo in Italy.
Teramo is a province in the region of Abruzzo in Italy.
Pescara is a province in the region of Abruzzo in Italy.
The Carhaga River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Gohan River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Govora River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Cincu River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Bozom River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
Perugia is a province in the region of Umbria in Italy.
The Bivolari River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
Terni is a province in the region of Umbria in Italy.
The Corlat River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Teslui River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Prundeni River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Felmer River or Şoarş River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Gaura River is a headwater of the Şimon River in Romania.
The Betel River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Techera River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Semeria River or Benedec River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Gereb River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Arcuş River  is a tributary of the Olt River.
The Suhatul River or Studina River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
Spurgeon's  is a charity based in England with international projects in Mexico, Africa and Eastern Europe.
Mastodons or Mastodonts are elephants of the extinct genus "Mammut" and the family "Mammutidae".
"Lost Boys"  is the first horror book that was written by Orson Scott Card.
Isleham is a small village and civil parish in the English county of Cambridgeshire.
The River Lark is a river in England.
The New Park Street Chapel was a Reformed Baptist church in Southwark, London.
Exeter Hall was a hall on the north side of The Strand, London, England.
William Jewell College is a private, four-year Christian liberal arts college.
Liberty is a city in Clay County, Missouri.
The World Wrestling Entertainment  Draft Lottery, also known as the World Wrestling Entertainment  Draft, is a device used to provide new brand competition and to refreshen the promotion's rosters.
The Battle of Iwo Jima was the American capture of island of Iwo Jima from the Japanese during the Pacific Campaign of World War II.
The Le Chatelier's principle is a principle used in chemistry.
Continental United States is a term that is used to describe part of the United States of America.
The "Bible Belt" is term for a part of the United States in which many people belive in conservative Evangelical Protestantism making it a dominant part of the culture.
British people, or Britons, are the people who live in Great Britain or citizens of the United Kingdom, of the Isle of Man, one of the Channel Islands, or of one of the British overseas territories.
The Scissor-tailed Flycatcher  is a long-tailed bug-eating bird closely related to the kingbirds.
"Cercis canadensis" L.
Black Mesa is a mountain in Oklahoma.
The Cassowaries  are a group of large birds that are not able to fly.
Belluno is a province in the region of Veneto in Italy.
Padua  is a province in the region of Veneto in Italy.
Rovigo is a province in the region of Rovigo in Italy.
Oded Fehr  is an Israeli film and television actor.
The Turda River or Torda River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Uria River or Pârâul Urii is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Fericea River is a tributary of the Uria River in Romania.
The Rusciori River or Ruşcior River is a tributary of the Cibin River in Romania.
The Hamba River is a tributary of the Rusciori River in Romania.
The Ciupari River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
The Puntea River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
The Mancu River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
The Miru River or Valea Benghii River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Luncani River or Râul Luncanilor is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania.
The Lola River is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania.
The Borzont River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Senetea River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Pianu River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Ghenea River is a tributary of the Pianu River in Romania.
The Valea Lei River is a tributary of the Pianu River in Romania.
The Tufa River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
The Orzeni River or Râul Bulgarilor is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
The Treznea River is a tributary of the Agrij River in Romania.
A cascade is a small splashing waterfall that tumbles down a mountainside in a siries of steps.
The Deinonychosauria  is a clade of theropods in the Late Jurassic and Cretaceous periods.
Dromaeosauridae is a family of bird-like theropod dinosaurs.
Treviso is a province in the region of Veneto in Italy.
Venice  is a province in the region of Veneto in Italy.
The Nicula River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Stricatu River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The American Bullfrog  is an aquatic frog.
Irritator is a genus of theropod dinosaur that lived from the Cretaceous period.
Kate Hudson  is an American movie actress.
Verona is a province in the region of Veneto in Italy.
Vicenza is a province in the region of Veneto in Italy.
Petroleum products are things made in oil refineries.
The Vasilatu River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Ciortea River is a tributary of the Vasilatu River in Romania.
The Cheud River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
The Baci River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
The Rus River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
The Balcaia River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania and Hungary.
The Borjug River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
The Olpret River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
The Rebra River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
The Satu River is a tributary of the Rebra River in Romania.
The Dealu River is a tributary of the Măcriş River in Romania.
The Firiza River is a tributary of the Săsar River in Romania.
The Botin River is a tributary of the Firiza River in Romania.
The Seicini River is a tributary of the Firiza River in Romania.
The Berdu River is a tributary of the Firiza River in Romania.
Thomas Spurgeon  was a British Reformed Baptist preacher.
The Highea River is a tributary of the Firiza River in Romania.
The Pistruia River is a tributary of the Firiza River in Romania.
The Urluia River is a tributary of the Danube River in Romania.
The Chizdia River is a tributary of the Bega River in Romania.
Billings is a city in the U.S.
The Ciolt River is a tributary of the Chişindia River in Romania.
The Bulba River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
The Crainici River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
The Cartiu River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
West Jordan is a city in the suburbs of Salt Lake City.
The Rafallo River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
Jack Roosevelt "Jackie" Robinson  was the first African-American major league baseball player.
George Fox  was one of the people that left the Church of England.
The University of Michigan, Ann Arbor  is a public university in the state of Michigan.
The New York State Senate has 62 members each elected to two-year terms.
Midwestern Baptist Theological Seminary  is one of six official seminaries of the Southern Baptist Convention.
A Chemical relaxer is used to straighten hair by use of chemicals to break the hydrogen bond of curly hair.
Mountain Brook is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States.
Trilobite  are extinct arthropod is in reference to the three longitudinal lobes across their heads , consisting of a slightly raised central lobe  and two flatter pleural lobes on either side.
"A Wizard of Earthsea", written in 1968, is the first of a series of books that are written by Ursula K.
"The Tombs of Atuan" is the second of a series of books that are written by Ursula K.
"The Farthest Shore" is the third in a series of books that are written by Ursula K.
"Tehanu" was the fourth of Ursula K.
"Tales from Earthsea", by Ursula K.
The Canadian Arctic Archipelago, also known as just the Arctic Archipelago, is an archipelago north of the Canadian mainland in the Arctic.
Victoria Island is an island in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago and the border between Nunavut and the Northwest Territories runs through the island.
Oswald Chambers  was a famous early 20th century Scottish Protestant Christian minister and teacher.
John F.
Jerry Lamon Falwell, Sr.
In the early 20th century, the leading figure in the area was the native-born "Martiniano José Ferreira Botelho , a doctor, druggist and Portuguese politician, known from his residence as "Lord of the House of the County".
"Battlestar Galactica" is an Emmy Award-winning Canadian science fiction television series created by Ronald D.
Ellesmere Island is part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region of the Canadian territory of Nunavut.
Banks Island  is one of the bigger members of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago.
Devon Island is one of the bigger members of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago.
Axel Heiberg Island is the 31st biggest island in the world and Canada's 7th biggest island.
Green Bay is a city in the U.S.
The ballista  was one of the first artillery weapons used by the Ancient Greeks.
Antioch is a city in the U.S.
Daly City is a city in the U.S.
Portsmouth is a city in the U.S.
Banana bread is a sweet bread made with bananas.
Sweet bread is bread that is made with larger amounts of sugar than regular bread, and is similar to cake It can be made with yeast or with baking soda, and is sometimes eaten as a dessert.
Saurophaganax  is a genus of theropod dinosaur.
The Tismana River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
The Gurnia River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
Sauroposeidon  is a genus sauropod dinosaur, was recently found in Oklahoma.
The Furnia River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
The Icazna River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
The Orlea River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
The Pocruia River is a tributary of the Orlea River in Romania.
The Scaiu River is a tributary of the Luncani River in Romania.
The Bulac River is a tributary of the Luncani River in Romania.
A power cut, sometimes called a power outage or blackout, is a word for when the power does not work in an area.
Shadow Moses Island is an area in Metal Gear Solid and a battlefield in Super Smash Bros.
The Bobaia River is a tributary of the Luncani River in Romania.
The Mierul River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Dobrun River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Rudari River or Rudaru River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Tunari River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Hoteagu River or Oiţeagu River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Gateru River is a tributary of the Hoteagu River in Romania.
The Sita River is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania.
Timothy F.
The Lisa River is a tributary of the Sâmbăta River in Romania.
The Purcelu River  is a tributary of the Topliţa River in Romania.
The Elan River is a tributary of the Prut River in Romania.
The Cisla River is a tributary of the Elan River in Romania.
The Zeicu River is a tributary of the Râul Şes in Romania.
The Jitin River is a tributary of the Caraş River in Romania.
Adrian Pierce Rogers, Th.D.
The Gladna River is a tributary of the Bega River in Romania.
The Rozalia River is a tributary of the Gladna River in Romania.
The Verdea River is a tributary of the Săraz River in Romania.
Charles  Wendell Colson  was the chief counsel for President Richard Nixon from 1969 to 1973.
Charles Frazier Stanley  is the pastor of megachurch, First Baptist Church Atlanta in Atlanta, Georgia.
Espaillat is a Dominican province, located in the Cibao region, in the central part of the country.
Reginald Howard "Reggie" White  was a American football who is now in the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
Charlie Patton   was an American Delta blues musician.
Ammonite are molluscs perhaps the most widely known fossil, possessing the typically ribbed spiral-form shell as pictured above.
A drop is a small bit of liquid, such as water, which is held together by surface tension.
Brindle is a fur coloring in animals.
Which would make the main character pick up a lamp.
The Football League First Division was the old name for the Football League Championship.
The Fata River is a tributary of the Frumoasa River in Romania.
The Frumoasa River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Balşa River is a tributary of the Almăşel River in Romania.
The Techereu River is a tributary of the Balşa River in Romania.
The Sitna River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Gornet River is a tributary of the Sitna River in Romania.
The Cozancea River is a tributary of the Sitna River in Romania.
The Urechioiu River is a tributary of the Sitna River in Romania.
The Burduja River is a tributary of the Urechioiu River in Romania.
The Bejan River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Halia River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Benia River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Timoi River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Suha River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Pitrosul River or Pietrosul River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
Erie is a city in the U.S.
The Sodomeni River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
The Plopu River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Bezerc River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Râul Buhai is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
Richmond is city in the U.S.
The Gemenea River is a tributary of the Suha River in Romania.
The Hogea River is a tributary of the Gemenea River in Romania.
The Umbrari River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Sadova River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Rodbav River is a tributary of the Cincu River in Romania.
The Tur River  is a tributary of the Tisza River.
The Racta River is a tributary of the Tur River in Romania.
The Ampoi River  is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Bebu River is a tributary of the Ampoi River in Romania.
"Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade" is a 1989 adventure movie directed by Steven Spielberg from a story co-written by executive producer George Lucas and starring Harrison Ford in the title role.
The Ruzina River is a tributary of the Ampoi River in Romania.
The Porumbele River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Porumbacu River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Racşa River is a tributary of the Talna River in Romania.
The Brada River is a tributary of the Talna River in Romania.
The Zacla River is a tributary of the Bistriţa Aurie River in Romania.
The Coşna River or Bancu River is a tributary of the Dorna River in Romania.
The Dorna River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River, in Romania.
The Doceni River is a tributary of the Dorna River in Romania.
The Gârvovul River is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania.
The Bold River is a tributary of Lake Balta Albă  in Romania.
The Jaleş River or Sohodol River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
Jerry Lee Rice  is a former football wide receiver in the NFL.
Barry David Sanders  is a Hall of Fame and Heisman Trophy winning American football running back.
William McGonagall  was a Scottish poet.
Gallimimus  was a fast-running dinosaur with a very long, thin, flattened, toothless, horny beak, a small head, and a relatively large brain, are lived in the late Cretaceos period, about 75-70 million years ago.
Dromiceiomimus was a bipedal dinosaur from the late Cretaceous period, about 80 to 65 million years ago.
Jefferson County is a county in the U.S.
"The Other Wind" is the sixth and last of a series of books that are written by Ursula K.
"The Lathe of Heaven" is a 1971 science fiction book that was written by Ursula K.
"The Eye of the Heron" is a 1978 science fiction book that was written by Ursula K.
"Malafrena" is a book that was written in 1979 by Ursula K.
Jesse Woodson James  was an American outlaw.
Jesse James  was an American outlaw.
Pensacola Christian College  is an unaccredited, fundamentalist, Independent Baptist college in Pensacola, Florida.
Moody Bible Institute  is an institute located in Chicago on the Near North Side.
Florence Foster Jenkins  was an American soprano who became famous because she was such a bad singer.
William Bligh  was an English officer in the British Navy.
AppleScript is a way for people to write commands and actions on their Apple Macintosh platform.
Pachacuti Inca Yupanqui  of the Kingdom of Cuzco, which he transformed into an empire, Tawantinsuyu.
The iMac is an all-in-one personal computer that was first released in 1998.
Melbourne Airport is the second busiest airport in Australia.
Craigslist is a centralized network of online communities for free classified advertisements  and forums on various topics.
Discounts and allowances are reductions to a basic price of goods or services.
Classified advertising is a form of advertising which is particularly common in newspapers, online and other periodicals, e.g.
Inti Cusi Huallpa Huáscar  was emperor of the Inca empire from 1527 to 1532 AD, He succeeded his father Huayna Capac and brother Ninan Cuyochi.
The Fieru is a river in the county of Harghita in Romania.
The Fagu Oltului River is a tributary of Olt River in Romania.
The Fântâna lui Gal River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Sila River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Prigor River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
The Nergana River is a headwater of the Nera River in Romania.
The Beg River is a tributary of the Nergana River in Romania.
The Aluza River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Amara River is a tributary of the Jijioara River in Romania.
The Jijioara River or Gârla Morii is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Catargiu River is a tributary of the Jijioara River in Romania.
The Stroe River is a tributary of the Nechitu River in Romania.
The Hugiu River is a tributary of the Nechitu River in Romania.
The Nechizel River is a tributary of the Nechitu River in Romania.
The Borchizu River is a tributary of the Nechitu River in Romania.
The Groapa Mare River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The CLAAS Jaguar is a silage harvester made by CLAAS.
The Valea Fratelui River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Cepturaru River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Botohan River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
The Ghepiu River is a tributary of the Vadăş River in Romania.
The Gaia River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
The Gagu River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
The Valea Fetei River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
The Straja River is a headwater of the Şuşiţa River.
The Cartianu River is a tributary of the Straja River in Romania.
The Cracu River is a tributary of the Straja River in Romania.
The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania.
The Sasul River is a tributary of the Izvorul River in Romania.
The Izvorul River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
The Largul River is a tributary of the Izvorul River in Romania.
Unfree labour is when someone is being told to do something without pay.
Thomas Becket was an English priest who was assassinated by four knights in Canterbury Cathedral in 1170.
The Rafnic River is a tributary of the Gelug River in Romania.
The Gelug River or Lupac River is a tributary of the Caraş River in Romania.
The Karaš  or Caraş  is a 110 km long river in the Banat area of Serbia and Romania, and it is a left tributary of the Danube.
The Vicinic River is a tributary of the Caraş River.
The Nermed River is a tributary of the Gelug River in Romania.
The Jupalnic River is a tributary of the Gelug River in Romania.
The Vodnic River is a tributary of the Gelug River in Romania.
The Suciu River is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
The Lăpuş River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
The Botizu River or Valea Poienii River is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
The Roata River is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
The Rohia River is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
The Grumba River is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
The Fortress of Solitude is Superman's Kryptonian base.
Sea-Monkeys are a small shrimp that lives in salt water.
Thunder Bay is the most populous city in Northwestern Ontario.
Macroom is a small town in County Cork, Ireland.
Pecorino cheese  is the name for a few kinds of Italian cheeses made of sheep milk.
The Habic River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
Martin Pierre Brodeur  is a professional ice hockey goaltender who has played his entire National Hockey League career with the New Jersey Devils.
The Hagiul River is a tributary of the Neagra Şarului River in Romania.
The Hagota River is a tributary of the Figheş River in Romania.
The Figheş River is a tributary of the Putna Întunecoasă River in Romania.
The Halmer River is a tributary of the Hârtibaciu River in Romania.
The Halinga River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
Miikka Sakari Kiprusoff   is a professional hockey goaltender playing for the Calgary Flames in the National Hockey League .
The Haju River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
The Hetin River is a tributary of the Beregsău River in Romania.
Evgeni Viktorovich Nabokov  , is a professional ice hockey goaltender for the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League.
Henrik Lundqvist  is a Swedish ice hockey goaltender for the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League .
The Danube Delta  is the second biggest delta in Europe.
Wallachia  is a historical area of Romania.
The Romanian War of Independence was battled in 1877.
The Romanian Revolution of 1989 was a week-long series of violent riots and fighting in late December of 1989.
This is a list of general managers in the National Hockey League.
The Ilba River or Handal River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
The Firizan River is a tributary of the Ilba River in Romania.
The Ardeleana River is a headwater of the Ilba River in Romania.
The Faier River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Feernic River or Râul Alb is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River, in Romania.
The Gada River is a tributary of the Feernic River in Romania.
The Salon River is a tributary of the Feernic River in Romania.
The Untu River is a tributary of the Boşorogu River in Romania.
The Uila River is a tributary of the Luţ River in Romania.
The Luţ River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Popeni River or Ursoaia River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
The Lotrioara River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Mohan River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
Dominik Hašek,  is a professional ice hockey goaltender for the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League.
Televangelism is the use of television to speak of the Christian faith.
Bernard Marcel Parent , better known as Bernie Parent, is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender.
Anthony James "Tony O" Esposito (born April 23, 1943 in Sault Ste.
=Final standings=.
William Ashley Sunday  was an American athlete and religious person.
=Final standings=.
John Henry Newton, Jr.
"The Beginning Place" is a science fiction book that was written by Ursula K.
The Gruiu Scurt River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
Ursula Kroeber Le Guin   is an American writer.
The Protur River is a tributary of the Agapia River in Romania.
The Cacova River is a tributary of the Prahova River and Protur River in Romania.
The Corbul Ucei River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Surdu River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
The Râul Mare is a headwater of the Cibin River in Romania.
The Nedeiu River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
The Sebeş River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Prigoana River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
The Bahluieţ River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
The Cucuteni River is a tributary of the Bahluieţ River in Romania.
The Ordea River is a tributary of the Cucuteni River in Romania.
The Toleasa River is a tributary of the Cucuteni River in Romania.
The Aron River is a tributary of the Hăşdate River in Romania.
The Arsa River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
The Asod River is a tributary of the Bistricioara River in Romania.
The Beltic River is a tributary of the Asod River in Romania.
The Şuşiţa River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
The Chiua River is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
The Tărlung River is a tributary of the Râul Negru in Romania.
The Telciu River is a tributary of the Zagon River in Romania.
Jan van Eyck or Johannes de Eyck  (before c.
The Zagon River is a tributary of the Covasna River in Romania.
The Scânteia River or Mitoc River or Nacu River is a tributary of the Miletin River in Romania.
The Dalnic River is a tributary of the Râul Negru in Romania.
The Râul Negru  is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Uiloc River or Valea Mică River is a tributary of the Aita River in Romania.
The Jemenc River is a tributary of the Aita River in Romania.
The Cenek River is a tributary of the Aita River in Romania.
The Săsar River is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
Awana , is an international evangelical non-profit organization.
Dwight Lyman  Moody  was an American evangelist and publisher.
Fletcher Christian  was an English seaman on "HMS Bounty" when it sailed to Tahiti to collect breadfruit trees in 1787.
Ichthyosaur are member of an extinct group of aquatic reptiles, most of which were very similar to porpoises in appearance and habits.
Ichthyopterygia  was a designation introduced by Sir Richard Owen in 1840 to designate the Jurassic Ichthyosaurs that were known at the time, but the term is now used more often for both true Ichthyosauria and their more primitive early and middle Triassic ancestors (Motani 1997, Motani et al.
Ichthyosaurus was an ichthyosaur, a marine reptile; it was not a dinosaur.
The Anachii River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania.
The Andronic River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
The Androchiel River or Androchel River is a tributary of the Hârtibaciu River in Romania.
The Antaloc River  is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
The Apatiu River is a tributary of the Meleş River in Romania.
The Beudiu River is a tributary of the Apatiu River in Romania.
The Apele Albe River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
The Apele Vii River is a tributary of the Valea Rea River in Romania.
The Apold River  is a tributary of the Secaş River in Romania.
Stenopterygius was a typical, dolphin-shaped ichthyosaur  of the early Jurassic period.
The Rod River is a tributary of the Apold River in Romania.
The Aporliget River is a tributary of the Crasna River.
The Horea River is a tributary of the Aporliget River.
Temnodontosaurus was an ichthyosaur from the early Jurassic some 196 and 190 million years ago, found in Europe  which grew to about 9 meters  in length.
Californosaurus  was an ichthyosaur, an extinct water-dwelling reptile that lived during the time of the dinosaurs.
Cymbospondylus was a large but very primitive Triassic ichthyosaur, with a long eel-like body up to 10 meters or more in length.
Mixosaurus was a small, common and cosmopolitan Triassic ichthyosaur.
Ophthalmosaurus was an ichthyosaur of the Late Jurassic period , named for its extremely large eyes.
A valve is a device that helps with the flow of materials .
A valve is a device that regulates the flow of fluids.
Sports entertainment is a type of spectacle which presents an apparently competitive event using a high level of theatrical presentation, with the purpose of entertaining an audience.
The Chirivoaia River or Apostol River is a tributary of the Miletin River in Romania.
The Miletin River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Oneaga River or Oneguţa River is a tributary of the Miletin River in Romania.
The Robu River is a tributary of the Miletin River in Romania.
The Arada River is a tributary of the Albac River in Romania.
The Arama River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
Philip Carteret  was an English officer in the Royal Navy.
Judeo-Aramaic was a language spoken by many Jews at theSecond Temple Period  and a few centuries after.It was probably the mother tongue of Jesus.It's an Aramaic dialect .
Boris Abramovich Berezovsky , is a Russian business man, billionaire and former mathematician.
The Alunul Mare or Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Someşul Cald River in Romania.
The Alunul Mic is a tributary of the Someşul Cald River in Romania.
The Apa Lazului River is a tributary of the Şerel River in Romania.
The Aranca River , Hungarian: "Aranka") is a 117 kilometer long river in both Romania and Serbia.
The Archita River  is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania.
Leptictidium  was a genus of small prehistoric eutherian from Eocene period.
The Archiud River is a tributary of the Dipşa River in Romania.
The Ardan River is a tributary of the Şieu River in Romania.
The Ficuri River is a tributary of the Bărbat River in Romania.
The Fiezel River is a tributary of the Sălăuţa River in Romania.
The Holbav River is a tributary of the Şercaia River in Romania.
The Holboca River is a tributary of the Neajlov River in Romania.
Oceanic dolphins are the members of the Delphinidae family, of the order Cetacea.
Horatio Gates Spafford  is the author of the hymn "It Is Well with My Soul".
Cyber high school is the term used to describe going to high school online or on the internet.
"Always Coming Home" is a book that was written by Ursula K.
The Hainish Cycle is the setting for a few science fiction books and stories that were written by Ursula K.
Frances Jane Crosby   was an American musician who wrote Protestant Christian hymns.
The Holdun River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania.
The Lipari River or Liparia River is a tributary of the Mociur River in Romania.
The Mociur River is a tributary of the Bega River in Romania.
Melville Island is a member of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago, Canada with an area of.
Southampton Island is one of the bigger members of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago.
Prince of Wales Island one of the bigger members of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago.
Somerset Island is a member of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago.
The Provinces of Ireland are a kind of division of Ireland.
A mission statement tells the purpose of a company or organization.
Philip Paul Bliss  was an American writer of hymns.
Note: Some of these countries are considered part of Asia as well.
A graphical projection is a protocol by which an image of a three-dimensional object is projected onto a planar surface without the help of math.
William Wilberforce was a man who helped to abolish the abhorrent business of slavery in the USA William Wilberforce  was a British politician and philanthropist.
The flag of Romania is a vertical tricolour of blue, yellow, and red.
The Coat of arms of Romania is the coat of arms that has been adopted by the Romanian Parliament on 10 September, 1992.
Sighişoara is a city and municipality in Mureş County, Romania.
The Bacea River is a tributary of the Câinele River in Romania.
The Bacta River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Badu River is a tributary of the Prut River in Romania.
The Bohotin River is a tributary of the Prut River in Romania.
The Bai River is a tributary of the Şuţa River in Romania.
The Balaj River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
The Cianod River is a tributary of the Lăzarea River in Romania.
The Cib River is a tributary of the Ardeu River in Romania.
The Ardeu River is a tributary of the Geoagiu River in Romania.
Athens is the capital city of Greece.
The Horait River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
The Hordou River is a tributary of the Sălăuţa River in Romania.
The Hotari River is a tributary of the Soloneţ River in Romania.
Quechuas is the term used for several ethnic groups in¨South America that use a Quechua language .
The Members Church of God International is a group of members of a christian denomintaion with headquarters in the Philippines.
The Viceroyalty of Peru  was a Spanish colonial administrative district that was created in 1542 and originally contained most of Spanish-ruled South America.
Vilcabamba was founded by Manco Inca in 1539 and was the last city of the Inca Empire until it fell to the Spaniards in 1572.
Vere Gordon Childe  (April 14, 1892, Sydney, New South Wales–October 19, 1957, Mt.
Eric Bogosian  is an American actor, playwright, monologist, and novelist.
The is the time in Japanese prehistory from about 14,000 BC to 400 BC.
A hominid is any member of the biological family Hominidae .
The Treaty of Berlin was a part of the Congress of Berlin .
The Accession of Romania to the European Union happened on January 1, 2007.
The National Bank of Romania  is the central bank of Romania and started in April 1880.
The Treaty of Berlin was signed on July 28, 1742 between Austrian archduchess Maria Theresa and Frederick II of Prussia.
The Treaty of Berlin was signed on June 14, 1889 between the United States, the British Empire, and the German Empire.
The Treaty of Berlin was signed on 14 November, 1899 between the United States, Germany, and the British.
The Treaty of Berlin  was between the United States and Germany.
The Treaty of Berlin was between Germany and the Soviet Union.
Nome is a city that can be found on the southern Seward Peninsula coast on Norton Sound of the Bering Sea.
Miaphysitism  is an idea about the nature of Christ.
Monophysitism is an idea about the nature of Jesus Christ.
Christology is a field of study of Christian theology.
Nestorius  was Archbishop of Constantinople from 10 April 428 to 22 June 431.
A list of cities in Italy.
The Night of the Long Knives  or "Operation Hummingbird" , was a purge that took place in Nazi Germany between June 30 and July 2 1934, when the Nazi regime executed at least 90 people for political reasons.
"Once Upon a time" is one of the episodes of Ducktales's episodes.
Status Seeker is an episode of Ducktales's series.
"Back to Klondike" is an Ducktales's episode.
Bistriţa-Năsăud  is a county  of Romania, in Transylvania.
Botoşani  is a county  of Romania, in Moldavia.
The Perito Moreno Glacier  is a glacier in the south west of Santa Cruz province, Argentina.
Braşov ; Hungarian: "Brassó") is a county  of Romania, in Transylvania.
"Super Ducktales" is an Ducktales's episode.
Uhland is a city in Caldwell and Hays counties in the U.S.
Catania is a city in the region of Sicily in Italy.
Messina is a city in the region of Sicily.
Skara Brae  is a large stone-built Neolithic settlement on the Bay of Skaill on the west coast of mainland Orkney, Scotland.
Skara Brae is a Neolithic settlement on the west coast of mainland Orkney, Scotland.
José Nicholas Théodore  is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender.
Georges Vézina , nicknamed "The Chicoutimi Cucumber"  was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played five seasons in the National Hockey League and seven in the National Hockey Association for the Montreal Canadiens.
=Final standings=.
NHA.
Sokker is a browser-based online football manager like hattrick and managerzone.
=Final standings=.
The Lipova River is a tributary of the Tutova River in Romania.
The Lozova River is a tributary of the Gerului River in Romania.
The Lovnic River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
A walrus is a marine mammal, the only species of the family Odobenidae, which is one of the three pinniped families.
Hattrick is an online football manager game created by Björn Holmér.
Torres Strait is the narrow sea that separates Australia ,and New Guinea.
A hat-trick, hat trick or hattrick in sports means that something is done 3 times.
Cape Schanck is the south end of the Mornington Peninsula, Victoria, Australia.
The Simpson Desert is a very dry part of Australia.
Yves Henri Donat Mathieu Saint Laurent  was a French fashion designer.
A kilometre is a measurement that is equivalent to 1000 metres, and 100000 centimetres.
A meeting is a group of people who come together at one place to discuss something, make something, or play games together.
The Ardeleni River or Valea Ardelenilor River is a tributary of the Apa Mare River in Romania.
The Arduzel River  is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
The Arefu River is a tributary of the Argeş River in Romania.
The Argel River is a tributary of the Moldoviţa River in Romania.
The Moldoviţa River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Dubul River is a tributary of the Moldoviţa River in Romania.
The Isachea River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Beltag River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Putna River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The African Buffalo  is a bovine .
Philosophy of language is the study of how languages were created and are used.
John Edward Gray  was a English zoologist.
Brăila  is a county  of Romania, in Muntenia.
Buzău  is a county  of Romania, in the area of Muntenia.
"The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia" is a 1974 science fiction book that was written by Ursula K.
The Lucava River or Lucova River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Orata River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Ciumuca River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Colacu River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Tumurel River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Tetila River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
The Cioiana River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
The Lumedia River is a tributary of the Cioiana River in Romania.
The Polocin River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
The Perchiu River is a tributary of the Polocin River in Romania.
"The Word for World Is Forest" is a science fiction book that was written by Ursula K.
The Bozieni River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania.
The Caraula River is a tributary of the Suceava River.
The Laura River or Sicova River is a tributary of the Suceava River.
The Mitocu River or Mitoc River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
"Rocannon's World" was Ursula K.
Procrastination is the behavior of putting off actions or tasks at a later timelater time.
The Nightrider bus service is a late-night bus service that runs in Melbourne, Victoria.
The Government of Victoria is the main govermnent of Victoria.
"Planet of Exile" is a 1966 science-fiction book that was written by Ursula K.
"City of Illusions" is a 1967 science fiction book that was written by Ursula K.
Howard Finkel  is a professional wrestling ring announcer.
"Wall-E" is an animated movie that was created by Pixar and Disney.
In movie and video, live-action is a work that is acted out by human actors, instead of animating the works, as in the animated version of E.
John Charles Hagee  is the founder and senior pastor of Cornerstone Church in San Antonio, Texas, a church with more than 19,000 members.
A protectorate is a country, or part of a country, or maybe a tribe of people in one area, that is ruled by another, larger and stronger country based on an agreement between the protectorate and the strong country.
A hybrid is a mixture of several things, usually two different kinds of things.
Charles Sturt  was an English explorer of Australia including the Murray River and the Murrumbidgee River.
The Salcea River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
The Nisipitu River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
The Tinosu River is a tributary of the Nisipitu River in Romania.
The Brodina River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
The Ascunsu River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
The Vicov River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
The Remezeu River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
The Caliuha River is a tributary of the Remezeu River in Romania.
The Voitinel River or Pietroasa River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
The Pozen River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
The Horodnic River is a tributary of the Pozen River in Romania.
The Solca River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
The Clit River is a tributary of the Solca River in Romania.
The Saca River is a tributary of the Clit River in Romania.
The Crevec River is a tributary of the Solca River in Romania.
The Ciurlac River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Pietroaia River or Petroaia River or Ciohoranca River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Orbeni River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
The Vorona River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
A list of cities in Mexico with a population over 100,000.
Taranto is a city in the region of Apulia.
Parma is a city in the region of Emilia-Romagna.
Olbia  is a city in the region of Sardinia.
Civitavecchia is a city in the region of Lazio, Italy.
Agrigento  is a city in the region of Sicily in southern Italy.
Reggio Emilia is a city in the region of Emilia-Romagna in Italy.
Two Chips and a Miss is an episode in Chip 'n Dale series.
"The Jungle Book"  is a collection of stories written by Rudyard Kipling.
WrestleMania 21 was the twenty-first yearly WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment .
The tangor is a citrus fruit.
The Imperial lemon is a lemon and grapefruit hybrid.
The blood orange is a variety of orange  with crimson, blood-colored skin.
Cagliari  is a city in the region of Sardinia in Italy.
Foggia is a city in the region of Apulia, Italy.
Rimini is a city in the region of Emilia-Romagna in Italy.
Syracuse  is a city in the region of Sicily in Italy.
"Into the Blue" is an American movie made in 2005.
Autofocus is a procedure for finding the correct position of the lens for a scene.
The Shiba Inu is a breed of dog from Japan.
Status Seeker is a song by progressive metal band Dream Theater.
A military alliance is an alliance made with the express purpose of military matters.
Jugiong is a small village on the bank of the Murrumbidgee River in New South Wales, Australia.
The Egerton Gospel is a set of papyri that are now in the British Museum.
The Gospel of Thomas  is a text written during the era of the New Testament.
A Rubik's Cube is a puzzle cube invented by Hungarian sculptor and architect Ernő Rubik in 1974.
The flag of Sierra Leone was created in 1961.
The Flag of Scotland is a white X-shaped cross, which represents the cross of the patron saint of Scotland, Saint Andrew on a blue field.
Scanning tunneling microscopy  is a powerful technique for viewing surfaces at the atomic level.
A quantum mechanical system can only be in certain states, so that only certain energy levels are possible.
The nucleus of an atom is the very small dense region of an atom, in its center consisting of nucleons .
The head of the government of the state of Florida is called the Governor of Florida.
Fred McDowell   was a Delta blues singer and guitar player.
Taurus Mountains  are a mountain range in Turkey, from which the Euphrates  and Tigris  descend into Syria and Iraq.
Montes Taurus is a mountainous region on the Moon.
Sassari is a city in the region of Sardinia in Italy.
Bull Hill, sometimes called Mount Taurus, is a mountain in the U.S.
Forlì is a city in the region of Emilia-Romagna in Italy.
The Zagros Mountains , make up Iran's and Iraq's largest mountain range.
Latina is a city in the region of Lazio.
Monza is a city in the region of Lombardy.
Giugliano in Campania is a city the region of Campania in Italy.
The February 1848 Revolution in France ended the reign of King Louis-Philippe, and led to the creation of the French Second Republic .
The District of Nyon is a district in the canton of Vaud, Switzerland.
Nehemiah Curtis "Skip" James  was an American Delta blues singer, guitarist, pianist and songwriter.
Scenario paintball is a type of paintball game where act things out while playing paintballg to a predefined storyline.
Nirvana was an American alternative rock band in the 1990s.
Gravel Racing or Off-Road Street Racing is a new form of illegal Street Racing.
Olaf Kölzig  is a German professional ice hockey goaltender, playing for the Washington Capitals of the National Hockey League.
WrestleMania  was the first WrestleMania professional wrestling event produced by the World Wrestling Federation.
Léon is a city in the state of Guanajuato in Mexico.
Jim Carey  is a retired American ice hockey goaltender.
Ciudad Juárez is a city in the state of Chihuahua in Mexico.
San Cristóbal Ecatepec  is a city in the state of México in Mexico.
Joseph Jacques Omer "Jake the Snake" Plante  was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender.
The Hockey Hall of Fame  is located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Joseph Viateur "Leo" Dandurand , was an owner in the National Hockey League and in the league that evolved into the Canadian Football League.
William John "Battlin' Billy" Smith  was a professional ice hockey goaltender and is best known for winning four Stanley Cups and being the first goalie to be score a goal.
William Ronald  Durnan  was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the Montreal Canadiens in the National Hockey League .
=Final standings=.
=Final standings=.
=Final standings=.
WWE Night of Champions  was the second yearly Night of Champions professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment .
The William M.
The gemsbok or gemsbuck  is an African plains antelope.
"The Left Hand of Darkness" is a science fiction book that was written by Ursula K.
Akan is a language group spoken by related peoples in mainly Ghana and eastern Côte d'Ivoire.
Akkadian  or Assyro-Babylonian was a Semitic language  that was spoken in ancient Iraq.
Afar  is a Lowland East Cushitic language spoken in Ethiopia, Eritrea and Djibouti.
Abkhaz is a Northwest Caucasian language spoken most in Abkhazia and Turkey.
The Adyghe language is one of the two main languages of the Republic of Adygea in the Russian Federation.
The Entertainment  Brand Extension was a draft first used in 2002 by WWE with the purpose of dividing WWE Superstars into two brands, "RAW" and "SmackDown!".
Alemannic German  is a group of dialects of the Upper German branch of the Germanic language family.
The Royal Rumble is a yearly professional wrestling pay-per-view event, aired every January by World Wrestling Entertainment .
WrestleMania XX was the twentieth WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view produced by World Wrestling Entertainment .
WrestleMania 22 was the twenty-second yearly WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view produced by World Wrestling Entertainment .
A midquel is a story, book, or movie that takes place in the middle of another one.
Chip 'n' Dale are two fictional, animated chipmunks made by The Walt Disney Company.
The International Justice Network  leads human rights initiatives around the world by giving legal help and skill to victims of human rights abuses and by making a global network of legal professionals, non-governmental organizations and community-based human rights people to to protect and promote human rights and the rule of law.
Child sexual abuse is when an adult or older teenager makes a child do any kind of sexual activities.
Reporters Without Borders   is an international non-governmental organization.
Kudu are a type of African antelope that are found all over Africa, depending on the variety.
An electrode is something that can carry electricity.
Regular season.
Highlights.
Roy "Shrimp" Worters  was a Canadian professional ice hockey Hall of Fame goaltender who played twelve seasons in the National Hockey League for the Pittsburgh Pirates, Montreal Canadiens and New York Americans, and was notable for having 66 shutouts in his career and being, at 5'3" tall, the shortest player ever to play in the NHL.
Elwin "Al" Ira Rollins  was a professional Canadian ice hockey goaltender.
Claude Earl "Chuck" Rayner  was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played nine seasons in the National Hockey League for the New York Americans and New York Rangers.
The New York Americans were a professional ice hockey team, the third expansion team in the history of the National Hockey League  and the second to play in the United States.
"Jesse James"  is a western movie created by Henry King and includes Tyrone Power, Henry Fonda, Nancy Kelly, and Randolph Scott.
Jesse Gregory James  is an American television personality and CEO of West Coast Choppers, a builder of custom-made motorcycles.
"The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford" is a 2007 Western movie.
James 'Jimmy the Gent' Burke , was an Irish-American gangster.
Jesse James  is an American actor.
Jesse James Hollywood  is an American drug dealer and former fugitive.
Jesse James is a Lucky Luke comic written by Goscinny and illustrated by Morris.
The 2001–02 NHL season was the 85th regular season of the National Hockey League.
George Hainsworth  was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the Montreal Canadiens and Toronto Maple Leafs in the National Hockey League .
Cecil Ralph "Tiny" Thompson  was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender.
Terence Gordon Sawchuk  was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played 21 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Detroit Red Wings, Boston Bruins, Toronto Maple Leafs, Los Angeles Kings, and New York Rangers.
Patrick Jacques Roy,  is a retired ice hockey goaltender.
Scarlett Johansson‏  is an American actress and singer, she is best known for her roles in the films Lost in Translation, Match Point and The Prestige.
Ken Dryden is a retired NHL goaltender.
Charles Robert Gardiner  was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the Chicago Black Hawks in the National Hockey League.
A shot in ice hockey is an attempt by a player to score a goal by hitting the puck with their stick in the direction of the net.
A goal in ice hockey provides a team with one point.
Hockey pucks are hard disks of rubber that are used to play ice hockey.
Haines City is a city in Polk County, Florida, United States.
Francis Charles "Mister Zero" Brimsek  was an American professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the Boston Bruins and Chicago Black Hawks in the National Hockey League.
Walter Edward "Turk" Broda  was a former ice hockey goaltender for the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Edward John Belfour  is a professional ice hockey goaltender who plays for Leksands IF in HockeyAllsvenskan, the second highest-level Swedish ice hockey league.
There are three types of gloves worn by ice hockey players.
German idealism is a group of theories in philosophy that began in Germany in the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries.
The Verehia River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
The Leahu River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
The Negostina River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
The Artan River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
The Crivaia River is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania.
The Tirimia River is a tributary of the Niraj River in Romania.
The Diceaiul River is a tributary of the Niraj River in Romania.
John William "Johnny" Bower , nicknamed "The China Wall", is a Hockey Hall of Fame goaltender.
The 2004–05 NHL season would have been the 88th regular season of the National Hockey League .
Amharic  is a Semitic language spoken in North Central Ethiopia by the Amhara.
The 2004–05 NHL lockout resulted in the cancellation of what would have been the 88th season of the National Hockey League .
The Sports Network  is a Canadian English language cable television specialty channel and is Canada's first English language sports television channel.
Glenn Henry "Mr.
Charles "Charlie" Hodge  was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the Montreal Canadiens, Vancouver Canucks, and Oakland Seals in the National Hockey League.
The California Golden Seals were an ice hockey team in the NHL that played from 1966 to 1976.
Tom Barrasso is a former National Hockey League goaltender.
The Atlanta Flames were an ice hockey team in the NHL from Atlanta, Georgia, USA from 1972 to 1980.
The Calder Memorial Trophy is an annual award given "to the player selected as the most proficient in his first year of competition in the National Hockey League." The award has been awarded 70 times since its beginnings in 1937.
-Ancient Egyptian .
St.
The University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign  is a university in the state of Illinois, United States.
"Bambi, A Life in the Woods"  is a book by Felix Salten, first printed in 1923.
Rashidun Empire, Islamic Empire  or Rashidun Caliphate  are the terms used to describe the empire that was controlled by the first four successors of Muhammad .
The United States Secretary of the Treasury is the head of the United States Department of the Treasury.
The federal government of the United States is the centralized United States government that is established by the United States Constitution.
The African Penguin , also known as the Black-footed Penguin , is found on the south-western coast of Africa, living in colonies on 24 islands between Namibia and Algoa Bay, near Port Elizabeth, South Africa, with the largest colony on Dyer Island, near Kleinbaai.
The United States Department of the Treasury is a Cabinet department and the treasury of the United States government.
"Loose" is the third studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Nelly Furtado, was released 9 June, 2006.
"All Good Things " is a pop song by Canadian singer-songwriter Nelly Furtado, was released late 2006 and hit number-one in the European charts.
Puklice is a village in the Jihlava District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
Lorne John "Gump" Worsley  was a professional ice hockey goaltender.
Michel 'Bunny' Larocque  was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the Montreal Canadiens, Toronto Maple Leafs, Philadelphia Flyers, and St.
Lorne Chabot  was a Canadian ice hockey goaltender.
Norman "Normie" Smith  was a Vezina-winning goaltender for the Detroit Red Wings.
David Alexander Kerr  was an NHL goaltender who played 427 games in toal, 327 of them with the New York Rangers.
The World Wrestling Entertainment  United States Championship is a professional wrestling championship in World Wrestling Entertainment.
Johnny Mowers  was an ice hockey goaltender who played for the Detroit Red Wings, winning the Vezina Trophy in 1943.
Harry "Apple Cheeks" Lumley  was a professional ice hockey goaltender in the National Hockey League.
Denis DeJordy , is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player.
Karl Philipp Gottlieb von Clausewitz   was a Prussian soldier who wrote about war and the military.
Rogatien "Rogie" Vachon (b.
The 1927–28 NHL season was the eleventh season of the National Hockey League.
Polk County is a county located in the U.S.
The 1928–29 NHL season was the twelfth season of the National Hockey League.
Georgetown University is a Catholic university in Washington, D.C.
The Jack Adams Award is awarded annually to the National Hockey League coach "adjudged to have contributed the most to his team's success." It has been awarded 33 times to 28 different winners.
The Priboiu River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
The Talea River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
The Belia River is a tributary of the Talea River in Romania.
The Zam River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Zamoru River is a tributary of the Zam River in Romania.
Bagpipes are used for making music.
The Entertainment Software Rating Board  is an organization that rates video games.
The 2005–06 NHL season was the 88th season of the National Hockey League.
The 1929–30 NHL season was the thirteenth season of the National Hockey League.
The 1930–31 NHL season was the fourteenth season of the National Hockey League.
The National Hockey League presents lots of annual awards and trophies to recognize its teams and players.
Pizmonim  are Jewish songs and melodies sang to praise God.
Luca Marenzio  was an Italian composer who lived in the late Renaissance.
Nicholas Yonge  was an English singer and publisher .
A complex thing is something which is complicated or difficult to understand.
Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire is an episode of the Simpsons from Season 1.
Treehouse of Horror is an episode in the simpsons in season 2.
The World Wrestling Entertainment  Divas Championship is a official championship in World Wrestling Entertainment competed for by divas.
Alain Vigneault (b.
Lindy Ruff is the current head coach of the Buffalo Sabres.
John Tortorella was the former coach of the Tampa Bay Lightning.
Horseradish is a coarse radish, to distinguish it from the edible Radish .
The Geographic Names Information System  contains name and location information about more than two million physical and cultural features located throughout the United States of America and its Territories.
12 Rounds is a British rock band that was started by Atticus Ross and singer Claudia Sarne.
Emigration is the act of leaving one's country or area to settle in another.
The Brassicales are an order of flowering plants.
Testudines is an order of reptiles.
The World Economic Forum is a foundation based in Geneva, Switzerland.
The Assembly of Kosovo  is an institution linked to governing the territory of Kosovo.
The French Grand Prix is a car race normally held in Magny Cours in France.
Boogie-woogie is a style of piano-based blues that became very popular in the late 1930s and early 1940s.
Country blues  is all the acoustic, guitar forms of the blues.
The electric blues is a type of blues music made different by the amplification of the guitar, the bass guitar, and/or the harmonica.
Jump blues is a type of up-tempo blues music.
The following is a complete list of Grands Prix which have been a part of the FIA World Championship since it started in 1950.
Soul blues is a style of blues music developed in the late 1960s and early 1970s.
The Chicago blues is a form of blues music that developed in Chicago, Illinois by adding electrically amplified guitar, drums, piano, bass guitar and sometimes saxophone to Delta blues.
The Louisiana blues is a type of blues music with slow rhythm which makes the sound dark and tense.
New Orleans blues is a mix of dixieland music and rhythms from Caribbean music.
The St.
Texas Blues is a type of blues.
The British blues is a type of blues music that started in the late 1950s.
East Coast blues is a type of Blues music which needs fast fingerpicking and ragtime style.
The subphylum Hexapoda, meaning "six legs", is the largest  group of arthropods and includes the insects as well as three much smaller groups of arthropods without wings: Collembola, Protura, and Diplura .
Kobe Bryant  is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association.
The baleen whales, also called whalebone whales or great whales, make up the Mysticeti, one of the two groups of the Cetacea .
Erinaceidae is the only living family in the order of the Erinaceomorpha.
"Macropus" is a marsupial genus that belongs to the family Macropodidae.
Macropodiformes is one of the three suborders of the large marsupial order Diprotodontia.
The order Soricomorpha  is a biological group in the class of mammals.
Peter and the Wolf is a composition by Sergei Prokofiev written in 1936 after his return to the Russia.
The Israel National Football Team is the national football team of Israel and is controlled by the Israel Football Association.
is an action-adventure video game made by Nintendo.
If the current President of the United States dies or is unable to do his job, the U.S.
İzmir is a metropol city in the west of Turkey.
Antalya is a city in southern Turkey.
Hatay is a city in the southern part of Turkey, on the Mediterranean coast.
A mural is a painting on a wall or a ceiling.
Tunceli is a province in the eastern part of Turkey.
This is the Title History of the World Heavyweight Championship.
The Drajna River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
The Pridvara River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
The Telejenel River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
The Conciu River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
The Cernica River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
Deniz Baykal  is a Turkish politician and the leader of Republican People's Party.
Deniz Gezmiş  was a political activist in the late 1960s.
The Washington Monument is a large, tall, white obelisk near the west part of the National Mall in Washington, D.C.
Avrupa Yakası  is a popular sitcom which broadcasts on Turkish TV.
The Zgarbura River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
Büyükada,  is an island in the Sea of Marmara, near Istanbul, Turkey.
The National Mall is an open park in downtown Washington, D.C..
How I Met Your Mother  is an American situation comedy that started on CBS Broadcasting on September 19, 2005.
There is a list of Turkish television series .
Pixelization is a way of hiding information from a picture.
Yıldız Technical University is a university in Turkey.
A tract, is a literary work, and is now used in religion.
The Primitive Methodist Church is a body of evangelical Christians in the Methodist denomination.
Anadolu University is an high-degree educational instution in Eskişehir,Turkey .
The Naiba River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
The Nedeia River is a small tributary of the Danube in Romania.
The National Air and Space Museum is a museum in Washington, D.C., United States, located in the National Mall.
Daniel Alfredsson is the current captain of the Ottawa Senators.
Termites are a group of social insects.
Dany Heatley is a ice hockey player for the Ottawa Senators.
Mantises  is an order of insects.
The Memphis blues is a type of blues music that was created in the 1920s and 1930s.
Piano blues is a type of Blues music where the piano is the main musical instrument used.
Jazz blues is a musical style that combines jazz and blues.
Fife and drum blues is another form of traditional country blues.
Earwigs is the name given to a group of insects .
"Lepisma saccharina"  is a small, wingless insect.
"Amazing Grace" is a well-known Christian hymn.
"30,000 Pounds of Bananas" is a song by Harry Chapin.
Cornelia Johanna Arnolda ten Boom   was a Dutch Christian Holocaust survivor.
The Lincoln Memorial was built to remember Abraham Lincoln, who was the 16th President of the United States and led the nation during the American Civil War.
Myki is a new ticket to replace the Metcard.
Morwell is a city in Gippsland, east of Victoria.
Archaeognatha is an order of wingless insects, also known as "jumping bristletails".
Frederick Antony Ravi Kumar Zacharias  is an Indian-born, Canadian-American evangelical Christian apologist, and evangelist.
Florida Championship Wrestling  is a professional wrestling promotion based in Tampa, Florida.
The "blues scale" is a hexatonic scale with minor pentatonic scale.
In Christianity, infant baptism is the baptism  of young children or infants.
OMF International  is an inter-denominational Protestant Christian missionary society.
A Wordless Book is a Christian evangelistic device.
Swarm Intelligence is a field of Computer science.
James Hudson Taylor 戴德生  was a British Protestant Christian missionary to China.
The Baptist Union of Great Britain  is the both oldest and largest national group of Baptist churches in Great Britain.
Spurgeon's College is a theological institute in London.
Michael Vick is an American football quarterback for the Atlanta Falcons.
Tom Edward Brady Jr.
Randy Moss is an Wide receiver for the New England Patriots.
Norm Van Brocklin  was an American football coach for the Atlanta Falcons.
The San Antonio Spurs are a team in the National Basketball Association in San Antonio, Texas.
The Atlanta Hawks are a team in the National Basketball Association, in Atlanta, Georgia.
The Golden State Warriors are a professional basketball team.
The Sacramento Kings are a team in the National Basketball Association in Sacramento, California.
The Philadelphia 76ers  are a professional basketball team in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
The New York Knicks are a team in the National Basketball Association in New York .
The Utah Jazz are a team in the National Basketball Association in Utah.
The Houston Rockets are a team in the National Basketball Association in Houston, Texas.
The Portland Trail Blazers are a team in the National Basketball Association in Portland, Oregon.
This is a list of NBA Champions.
The Arama Caprelor River  is a tributary of the Putna Noroioasă River in Romania.
The Ardealu River is a tributary of the Talna Mică River in Romania.
The Saga River is a tributary of the Costeşti River in Romania.
The Savu River is a tributary of the Olteţ River in Romania.
The Sarchii River is a tributary of the Pârâul de Câmpie in Romania.
The Salta River is a tributary of the Iza River in the country of Romania.
Julius Eastman  was an African-American composer, pianist, singer and dancer.
Elisha Nelson "Eli" Manning  is an American football player.
Paul Anthony Pierce  is an American basketball player for the Boston Celtics of the NBA.
William Scott "Scotty" Bowman  is a former National Hockey League head coach.
Nigel Ernest James Mansell OBE  is a British racing driver from England who won both the Formula One World Championship  and CART World Series .
Norman Graham Hill  was a British racing driver and two-time Formula One World Champion.
Besiktas  is a district in the European part of İstanbul.
Examples.
Scuderia Ferrari is the name for the Gestione Sportiva, the division of the Ferrari automobile company concerned with racing.
The TRT  is the first television broadcaster and national public broadcaster of Turkey.
Cnbc-e is a TV channel which broadcasts financial and entertainment programs in Turkey.
Kanal D is a Turkish popular television channel broadcasting national.
CNN Türk is the Turkish version of international CNN.
NTV Turkey is a Turkish nationwide television channel which consists of news, sports programmes and documentaries.
Milliyet is a major Turkish daily newspaper founded in 1950.
Damon Graham Devereux Hill OBE  is a British former racing driver from England.
There is a list of newspapers publishing in Turkey.
Aphids are small insects that feed on plants.
Aigle is the capital of the district of Aigle in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.
Motor Racing Developments Ltd., commonly known as Brabham , was a British company that built racing cars.
Afrotheria is a group of mammals , containing the golden moles, elephant shrews, tenrecs, aardvarks, hyraxes, elephants and manatees.
Kimi-Matias Räikkönen   is a race car driver, currently driving for Scuderia Ferrari.
La Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile, commonly referred to as the FIA, is a non-profit association established as the Association Internationale des Automobile Clubs Reconnus  on June 20, 1904 to represent the interests of motoring organisations and motor car users.
Presociality is a phenomenon in which animals exhibit more than just sexual interactions with members of the same species; however, they fall short of qualifying as eusocial.
The Murrumbidgee River is a big river in New South Wales, Australia, and the Australian Capital Territory.
"Neotominae" is a subfamily of the family Cricetidae.
Kusadasi  is a town in the province of Aydın.
Ayvalik  is a seaside town in the west of Turkey in the province of Balıkesir.
Bregenz is a city in the west of the Austria and also the capital of Vorarlberg.The city located along Lake Constance and bordered by Switzerland and Germany.Its population is 27.000.The main ethnic groups are Austrians,Turkish,Italians,Serbians,Germans.
The Togo Mouse, also known as Büttner's African Forest Mouse or the Groove-toothed Forest Mouse , is a unique muroid rodent.
Nazimiye is a district of Tunceliprovience in Turkey.
Yalova is a northwestern Turkish city, which was affected in the earthquake of August 17, 1999.
Mudanya is a town along the Sea of Marmara and also a district of Bursa Provience in Turkey.It is located in Gulf of Gemlik.Town has a road transportation with Bursa and seaway transportation by ferries with Istanbul.
Gemlik is a harbor town with 70.000 inhabitants.Gemlik is a district of Bursa Provience.Gemlik has a free industrial zone.This zone helped the development of industry in Gemlik.Agriculture mostly olives for eating and olives oil is an important economic activity in Gemlik.
The family Chinchillidae contains the chinchillas, viscachas, and their fossil relatives.
Suborder Myomorpha has 1,137 species of mouse-like rodents, almost a quarter of all mammals.
Eumuroida are a group of all muroid rodents, or the true muroids.
Mouse-like hamsters are a group of small rodents found in Syria, Azerbaijan, Iran, Turkmenistan, Afghanistan, and Pakistan.
Nesomyidae is a family of African rodents in the large and complicated superfamily Muroidea.
Manisa is a city in the western Turkey in Asia Minor.
Eskişehir is a city in Turkey.City located in Asian Minor in the west side of the middle of Turkey.Eskişehir has a great number of university student population for an typical Anatolian city.Anadolu University and Osmangazi University is located in this city.In Turkey,there is no much city wh,ch has more than one university except metropol cities such as Istanbul,Ankara,İzmir.Student population brings economical consumption to the city.
The Cricetidae are a family of rodents in the large and complicated superfamily Muroidea.
There is a list of Turkish cities by population rankings.
Gaziantep, is a city located in southeastern of Turkey.Gaziantep is well-known with its desert Baklava.Gaziantep also the 6th biggest city in Turkey.
Baklava is a dessert from Turkish kitchen.
Radikal is a nationwide newspaper in Turkey.Radikal is a left-wing newspaper.It shares social-democrat ideas.In Sundays it gives an extra called Radikal2.
ÖSS Turkish Öğrenci Seçme Sınavı is the exam for entering universities in Turkey.
Ahmet Necdet Sezer  was the tenth President of Turkey.
Kamer Genc (b.
Emine Erdoğan is the wife of Turkish prime minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.She wears türban headscarves.Her türban shows Erdogan families Islamic standing.
Ahmet Kenan Evren , was the 7th president of Turkey.
"Show TV" is a national television channel in Turkey.
Cumhuriyet in English The Republic is a Turkish nationwide daily newspaper.Cumhuriyet newspaper shares secularist and republican ideas with its readers.Cumhuriyet is sold about 70.000 everyday.
Uludag University is a Turkish university which is located in the fourth largest city of the country Bursa.
Osmangazi University is a school found in Eskişehir, Turkey.
The Erasmus Programme is an European Union project which intends to promote the mobility of students and university teachers among EU countries and Turkey, Norway and Switzerland.
The National Gallery of Art is an art museum on the National Mall in Washington, D.C.
The 1999 İzmit earthquake was an approximately 7.4 magnitude earthquake that struck northwestern Turkey on August 17, 1999, at about 3:01am local time.
Andrew William Mellon  was an American banker who also owned many industrial businesses.
Taksim Square is an area located in Beyoğlu,Istanbul.Sometimes it is referred as the heart of the Istanbul.In 1 May 1977 in Labour Day celebration there were more than 500.000 people in the square.
Street Market is an open-air market.Generally in an open-air market clothing,fruits and vegetables.In Greece and Turkey streets markets stands in several days weekly.
A reflecting pool or reflection pool is a pool of water that is in many memorials.
Bozcaada is an island in Aegean Sea.
Heybeliada is an island in Sea of Marmara in Turkey.It is officially a part of Adalar district of Istanbul.Heybeliada has an old Ortodox Christian Theology School.However this school is closed because of Turkish laws.Turkey and EU works for opening this school again.However for opening this school the government must prepare a new law.
The Lincoln Memorial Reflecting Pool is the biggest reflecting pool in Washington, D.C.
Gebze is an industrial town in the provience Kocaeli, Turkey.
Alanya is a seaside resort in the south of Turkey and also a district of Antalya.
Sezen Aksu  is a Turkish pop singer, song-writer and producer.
Imrali is an island in the Marmara Sea.
The Backyardigans is a 3D CGI animated series that premiered on Nick Jr.
Hatirla Sevgili is a Turkish television series which ended in May 2008.
ATV is a nationwide Turkish television channel.
Bodrum is a tourist resort in Turkey.
In philosophy, phenomenology is a way of thinking about ourselves.
Dalaman is a town in southwestern Turkey.
Fatih Sultan Mehmet Bridge  is a bridge between Asia and Europe in Istanbul, Turkey.
Marmaray is a project to connect Asia and Europe under sea with rail tunnels.
Atatürk International Airport  is the major international airport in Turkey.
Marmara University is an high-educational institution located in Asian part of Istanbul.
Kemal Sunal  is a popular Turkish comedian in the Turkish cinema history.
Adile Nasit ) was a Turkish actress.
Barilla Group is a big Italian food company that makes pasta.
Moda is a district near Kadıköy,Istanbul.Barış Manço pop singer lived here.Moda has a coast suitable for jogging.From Moda coast the beautiful image of Bosphorus can be seen.
Chinese Poker is a poker variant that came from Asia.
The City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra  is one of the leading British orchestras.
Egon Krenz  was a politician of the German Democratic Republic.
Berlin Fridrichstrasse  is a railway station in the center of Berlin.
Peyton Williams Manning  is an American football quarterback who plays for the Indianapolis Colts, a team in the National Football League.
The Statue of Freedom is a statue of a woman that is on top of the United States Capitol.
The Murray River is the largest river in Australia.
Buffer solutions are solutions that do not change in hydronium ion and the hydroxide ion concentration when small amounts of acid or base are added.
Hamilton Hume  was the first Australian born explorer.
The Azad State of Jammu and Kashmir, also called Azad Jammu and Kashmir or Azad Kashmir, shortened AJK is part of Kashmir.
The Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty  is a treaty that was made to stop nuclear weapons from being built.
Cynthia Ann Stephanie "Cyndi" Lauper  is an American Grammy Award-winning singer, songwriter, and MTV VMA-winning video and Emmy Award-winning movie, television and theater actress.
The Dutch East Indies, or Netherlands East Indies, was the Dutch colony that is now modern Indonesia.
The Dutch East India Company , started in 1602, when the Netherlands gave it a 21-year monopoly to trade in Asia.
Mika Pauli Häkkinen  is a Finnish racing driver and two-time Formula One champion.
Cape York is the northern most point of Australia.
North West Cape is a large piece of land on the north west coast of Western Australia.
Baja California Sur is a state of Mexico.
Nelson Piquet Souto Maior , more commonly known as Nelson Piquet, is a Brazilian racing driver who was Formula One world champion in 1981, 1983, and 1987.
A Baby boomer is anyone born between the years 1946 and 1964.
Sir John Arthur "Jack" Brabham, AO, OBE  is an Australian racing driver who was Formula One champion in 1959, 1960 and 1966.
Team Lotus was the motorsport sister company of English sports car manufacturer Lotus Cars.
WilliamsF1, the trading name of Williams Grand Prix Engineering Ltd., is a Formula One  motor racing team and constructor.
Benetton Formula Ltd., commonly referred to simply as Benetton, was a Formula One constructor that participated from 1986 to 2001.
The Umayyad Empire is the sixth largest empire in history.
Surprise is an emotion that a person might feel if something unexpected happens.
A surprise party is a party thrown for someone who does not know that it has been planned.
The 2003–04 NHL season was the 87th regular season of the National Hockey League.
London Stansted Airport is a large passenger airport located in the Uttlesford District of the English county of Essex about 30 miles  north-east of London.
Gatwick Airport is London's second largest airport and the second busiest airport in the United Kingdom after Heathrow.
The 2002–03 NHL season was the 86th regular season of the National Hockey League.
London Heathrow Airport or Heathrow, located in London, England, is the principal and biggest airport serving the United Kingdom.
London Luton Airport  is an international airport located on the edge of the town of Luton, Bedfordshire, England approximately north of London.
The 2000–01 NHL season was the 84th regular season of the National Hockey League.
London City Airport is a single-runway airport, intended for use by STOL  airliners, and principally serving the financial districts of London.
The 1999–2000 NHL season was the 83rd regular season of the National Hockey League.
The International Opium Convention was the first drug control treaty .
Cuteness is a type of liking people have, such as toward children and babies.
The Coleoidea are a group of mollusks making up most of the living cephalopods.
The 1998–99 NHL season was the 82nd regular season of the National Hockey League.
Bagh District is one of the eight districts of Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.
Bhimber is the southernmost of the eight districts of Azad Kashmir, the district is located between Latitude: 32-48 to 33-34 and Longitude: 73.55 to 74-45, and has an area of 1516km².
Kotli  is one of the eight districts of Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.
Mirpur District is a district in Pakistan's Azad Kashmir Liberated Territory.
Muzafarabad district of Pakistan is located on the banks of the Jhelum and the Neelum rivers.
Poonch District is a district of Kashmir that is divided between Indian Occupied Kashmir and Pakistan's Azad Kashmir.
Sudhnoti is a district of Azad Kashmir in Pakistan.
Baramulla is a district in the Indian Occupied Kashmir in northern Pakistan.
Badgam is a occupied town of Indian-Held Kashmir in the state of Indian Occupied Kashmir, Kashmir, Pakistan.
Doda is a district of Indian Occupied Kashmir.
Jammu District is a district in Indian Occupied Kashmir.
Kargil is the only Muslim majority district of Ladakh in Indian Occupied Kashmir.
Kupwara District is located in Indian Occupied Kashmir, Kashmir, Northern Pakistan.
Leh is one of the two districts located in Ladakh, the other being the Kargil District to the west, in the disputed and occupied territory of Indian Occupied Kashmir, Kashmir, North Pakistan.
Pulwama is a occupied district in Indian Occupied Kashmir, Northern Pakistan.
Rajouri is a District in Indian Occupied Kashmir, Kashmir, Pakistan.
Situated at the center of the Kashmir valley, Srinagar  is the most populous district in the disputed territory of Indian Occupied Kashmir, Kashmir, Pakistan and is home to the summer capital  of Indo-occupied Jammu and Kashmir .
Udhampur is a occupied district in Indian Occupied Kashmir.
A caliphate, , is the Islamic form of government representing the political unity and leadership of the Muslim world.
Amphisbaenia are the third suborder of Squamata.
The Karen languages are tonal languages spoken by the Karen people.
Kikongo or Kongo is the Bantu language spoken by the Bakongo and Bandundu people in the tropical forests of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Republic of the Congo and Angola.
Latvian language , is the official state language of Latvia.
A wig is an artificial covering of hair.
The Neelum District is one of the eight districts of Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.
A backpack  is a cloth sack put on somebody's back.
The Northern Areas , officially referred to by the government of Pakistan as the Federally Administered Northern Areas , is the northernmost political entity within the Pakistani-administered part of the former princely state of Jammu and Kashmir.
The Great American Bash  was the fifth yearly Great American Bash professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment .
Euarchontoglires  are taxonomic superoroder, withning Placentalia, including of the rodents, primates, etc.
The Schiau River is a tributary of the Argeş River in Romania.
The Holuzu River is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
The Holmul River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania.
Mazamitla is a town of the Mexican State of Jalisco.
The Livada River is a tributary of the Hăşdate River in Romania.
The Suhard River is a tributary of the Bicaz River in Romania.
The Boz River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Sebeş River or Frumoasa River or Seviş River is a tributary of the Cibin River in Romania.
The Seaca River is a tributary of the Izvorul Dorului River in Romania.
The Milcov River is a tributary of the Putna River in the eastern part of Romania.
The Coman River is a tributary of the Vaser River in Romania.
The Nanda River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
The Nanu River or Valea Şasă River is a tributary of the Valea Pinului River in Romania.
The Nanul River is a tributary of the Tigăile River in Romania.
The Natra River is a tributary of the Lişava River in Romania.
The Lişava River is a tributary of the Caraş River in Romania.
The Remetea River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Comana River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Bogata River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Trestia River is a tributary of the Bogata River in Romania.
The Scoreiu River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Iaz River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Alunul River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Cungrea River or Cungra River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Bârsa River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Cormoş River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Surduc River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Beta River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Lunca River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Var River or Pârâul Cetăţii is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Râul Minei is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Telec River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Frasinu River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Bradu River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Ilieni River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Sterpu River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Teiu River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Gologan River or Mărioara River or Caracal River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Milcov River or Valea Urlătoarea River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Breaza River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Hotaru River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Hotaru River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Puturoasa River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Bolovanul River or Bolovanu River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Pesceana River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Bistriţa River  is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Stupina River is a river in the country of Romania.
The Teiu River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Runcu River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Dobra River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Vidra River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Chioara River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Buta River or Pârâul lui Buta is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Lupul River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Larga River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Râul Ceplea is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
The Preajba River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
The Leu River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
The Gioroc River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
The Dumitra River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
The Gropu River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
The Bratcu River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
The Runcu River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
The Porcu River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
The Pietroasa River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
The Argetoaia River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
The Rasnic River or Raznic River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
The Prodila River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
Thomas Brezina , is an Austrian writer of children's books.
__NOTOC__ .
Ontology is the part of philosophy that studies existence.
Turkish Airlines in turkish Türk Hava Yolları is the national airline of Turkey.
Pegasus is an airline company based in Turkey.Pegasus Airlines flies 100 destinations in 17 countries.
Ethiopian Airlines is an airline based in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Sellapan Ramanathan  is the sixth and current President of the Republic of Singapore.
Singlish is a language used mostly in Singapore.
The 1995–96 NHL season was the 79th regular season of the National Hockey League.
The Singapore Dollar is the official currency or money of Singapore.
Shortwave radio is a name for radio broadcasting in the range of 3-30 megahertz, and for the radio receivers made to tune in broadcasts.
Çanakkale is a city in the western Turkey.
Dadı is a television series.
Placebo is an alternative rock band that started in London in 1994.
Industrial rock is a music genre that puts together industrial music and different rock genres, like punk, hardcore punk, or hard rock.
Java man is the name given to fossils discovered in 1891 at Trinil on the baks of the Bengawan Solo River in Eats Java, Indonesia, one of the first known specimens of Homo erectus.
Peking Man, also called "Sinanthropus pekinensis" , is a example of "Homo erectus".
Followers of the Latter Day Saint Movement believe that Joseph Smith was visited by an angel who gave him the Golden Plates from which he translated the Book of Mormon, one of the faith's sacred texts.
Moroni is a character in the Book of Mormon that was the final member of his people before they were all killed.
Aer is an Indo-Aryan language spoken by approximately 200 people in Sindh, Pakistan.
"Guitar Hero: World Tour" is a music game that is part of the "Guitar Hero" franchise.
Badeshi is a northwestern Iranian language spoken by over 10,000 people in upper reaches of Bishigram Valley , east of Madyan, Swat, Kohistan in Northern Areas of Pakistan.
Balti  is a language spoken in Baltistan, in the Northern Areas of Pakistan and adjoining parts of Indian Occupied Kashmir.
Bavarian or Austro-Bavarian is a major group of Upper German varieties.
The Brahui  or Bravi  language, spoken by the Brahui, is a Dravidian language mainly spoken in Pakistan, although it is also spoken in Afghanistan and Iran.
Burushaski  is a language isolate spoken by some 87,000  Burusho people in the Hunza, Nagar, Yasin, and parts of the Gilgit valleys in the Northern Areas, Pakistan.
Khowar,also known as Chitrali, is a Dardic language spoken by 453,765 people in Chitral in Northwest Pakistan, in Yasin Valley and Gupis in neighboring Gilgit, and in parts of Upper Swat.
Islamgarh  is a small New town near the Mangla Dam and one of 25 in the Union Councils of Pakistan is the Chakswari Tehsil, Mirpur District of Azad Kashmir, Pakistan, Many of the people of Islamgarh relocated to the UK, enticed by promises of employment.
Dameli is a language spoken by about 5,000 people in the Domel Valley, in the Chitral District of the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Dhatki, also known as Dhati or Thari, is a sociolect of Marwari dialect of Rajasthani language.
Dehwari is a Southwestern Iranian language spoken by over 20,000 people in Balochistan, Pakistan.
Dogri  is an Indo-Aryan language spoken by about two million people in Indian-controlled Kashmir region and Pakistan, chiefly in the Jammu region of Indian Occupied Kashmir, but also in northern Punjab, Himachal Pradesh, other parts of Occupied Kashmir, and elsewhere.
Domaakí - also known as Dumaki or Domaá - is a language spoken in the Northern Areas of Pakistan.
Gawar-Bati is known in Chitral as Aranduyiwar, because it is spoken in Village Arandu, which is the last village in the bottom of Chitral and is across the Kunar River from Berkot in Afghanistan.
The Amaradia River or Amaradia Pietroasă River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
The Amaradia River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
Goaria is a Marwari Rajasthani language spoken by some 25,000 people in Sindh Province, of Pakistan.
The Taia River is a tributary of the Jiul de Est River in Romania.
The Romanu River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
The Mohoru River is a tributary of the Romanu River in Romania.
The Mioarele River is a tributary of the Romanu River in Romania.
Gojri, also known as 'Gujari is an Indo-Aryan language spoken by the Gujjars of Northern Pakistan and the Republic of India.
The Vladimir River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
The Crasna River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania.
The Grui River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania.
The Inoasa River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania.
Hazaragi is a variety of Persian, spoken by the Hazara people of Afghanistan and Pakistan.
The Gornac River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania.
The Zlast River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania.
The Budieni River is a tributary of the Zlast River in Romania.
The Ruda River is a tributary of the Suceava River.
The Cuila River is a tributary of the Ruda River in Romania.
The Bogdana River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
The Boul River or Măgura River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
The Sihastru River is a tributary of the Boul River in Romania.
Hindko , also Hindku, Hinko, or Lahnda, لَیہندا) is an ancient Indo-Aryan language spoken by Hindkowans in Pakistan.
The Jijia River is a tributary of the Boul River in Romania.
The Putna River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
The Racova River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
In every Pokémon video game and anime show, there has been a team that opposes the main characters.
Malaya is both a name and word that carries different meanings in different places.
The Great Seal of Vermont is the official seal of the U.S.
The fictional "Dune" universe, or "Duniverse", is the political, scientific, and social place from author Frank Herbert's six-book "Dune" series of science fantasy novels.
Eastern Francia  was the land of Louis the German after the Treaty of Verdun of 843.
The masculine name Colm originates from the Irish word for dove.
In computing, RAR is a patented archival file format that allows data compression, error recovery, and file spanning.
WinRAR (a.k.a.
Northern Balochi dialects are settled north of Iranian Balochistan and Golestān Province of Iran, north of Nimruz Province in Afghanistan and north Chagai District of Balochistan and north of Sindh in Pakistan.
Bhadrawahi is a tribe that lives in Kashmir and speaks the Bhadrawahi language which is a member of Indo-Aryan language family and has no script.
Changthang has a population of 10,089 .
Chilisso is an Indo-European Kohistani language spoken in Pakistan.
Balochi  is a Northwestern Iranian language.
Region Sindh Province, largest concentration in Bhens Colony, Karachi, others in smaller urban centers through Sindh, including Mirpur Khas, Shahdadpur, Panj, Moro, Sabura and Tando Allahyar.
Region Southeast Balochistan Province, southwest Sind.
Region Southern Sindh Province from Hyderabad to east of Mirpur Khas.
Region Sindh, some concentrations around Umerkot, Kunri, and Nara Dhoro.
Kachchi is a language and is spoken in regions such as Kutch, India; Karachi, Pakistan.
Region Upper Swat Kohistan from between Peshmal and Kalam north to upper valleys above Kalam, also in Dir Kohistan, in Thal, Lamuti , Biar , and Rajkot  villages.
Querétaro is a state in central Mexico.
Mohtarma Fatima Jinnah   was the sister of Quaid-i-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah, the founder of Pakistan and an active political figure in movement for independence from the British Raj.
Campeche is a state in the south-east of Mexico.
Oaxaca is a state in the south of Mexico.
The 1994–95 NHL season was the 78th regular season of the National Hockey League.
Region Dir Kohistan, NWFP, in Kalkot village.
The 1993–94 NHL season was the 77th regular season of the National Hockey League.
Population 1,500 to 2,000 in Pakistan plus refugees .
The 1940–41 NHL season was the 24th season of the National Hockey League.
Population 4,391,000 in Indian Occupied Kashmir.
Population 3,700 to 5,100 Eastern Kativiri in Pakistan .
Khetrani is an Indo Aryan language.It is being spoken in north east Blochistan province Its Population is 4,000..It is member of Lahnda group.It is dialect of Siraiki language.We can Classify it into Indo-European, Indo-Iranian, Indo-Aryan, Northwestern zone, Lahnda.Language development Literacy rate in first language: below 1%.
Seraiki is a region located at southern Punjab  and northern Sindh, Indus River Valley, Jampur area.
The Indus region in the Kohistan District is found on the western bank of the Indus River.
Population includes 80,000 to 100,000 Kachi Koli, 5,000 to 6,000 Rabari, 10,000 Kachi Bhil, 50,000 Vagri, 10,000 Katai Meghwar, 1,000 Zalavaria Koli.
Region Centered in Tharparkar District, especially the town of Nagar Parkar in the southeastern tip of Sindh bordering the Republic of India.
Population 175,000 in Pakistan .
Region Sindh Province, rural.
Ladakh is a region of Jammu and Kashmir in Northern Pakistan near the Chinese border, which is Not Demarcated border the regional capital is Leh.
Population 102,000 in Indian Occupied Kashmir .
Population 220,000.
Dialects Memoni language appears to have similarities to Sindhi and Gujarati.
Norco is a medicine to help with pain.
Region Upper Lutkuh Valley of Chitral, west of Garam Chishma.
Region Indian Occupied Kashmir, Ladakh district, Zanskar tahsil, south of Leh in the Zaskar Mountains, between Himalayas and Indus River Valley.
A sunspot is an area of high magnetic activity, on the surface of the Sun.
An emergency exit in a building is an exit for emergencies, such as a fire.
A crystal radio, sometimes called a crystal set, is a very simple AM radio receiver, that does not need batteries to work.
The Bengali Language Movement  were protests by people living in Bangladesh, which was part of Pakistan during that time.
The March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom was a rally held on the National Mall in Washington, D.C.
"Bratz Girlz Really Rock!" is an animated movie based on the Bratz doll line.
Dolls are models of human beings, usually toys.
A doll is a child's toy that looks like baby or other human being.
Theodore Robert Long  is an American former professional wrestling referee and manager, who is currently working for World Wrestling Entertainment on its ECW brand as the General Manager.
Bobcat  are fierce cats that live in forests, swamps, mountains, prairie, and deserts in much of North America.
The Emergency Medical Technician  is a job where a person works on an ambulance and takes care of sick and hurt people.
Kuru, also known as Creutzfeld-Jakob Disease, is caused by cannibalism.
Kuru is a town in the country of Finland.
It Is Well With My Soul When peace like a river, attendeth my way, When sorrows like sea billows roll; Whatever my lot, Thou hast taught me to say, It is well, it is well, with my soul.
Jackson Township is a township in Ocean County, New Jersey, United States.
For other uses, see Jackson.
Pistosaurus longaevus is a genus of acuatic sauropterygian reptile belonging to the plesiosaur order.
A party is a social gathering for celebration and recreation.
The LNER Class A4 was a type of steam locomotive made in England in 1935.
The Old Firm is the name given to the relationship between two football teams in Scotland, Rangers F.C.
Gretna Football Club is a Scottish football club from Gretna, Dumfries and Galloway that was founded in 1946.
Pillar is a Grammy-nominated Christian rock band in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
In team sports, a captain is a title given to the member of the team who has to make choices about strategy and teamwork while a game is happening.
The ZIP file format is a popular lossless data compression and archival format created by Phil Katz, founder of PKWARE.
Ben Roethlisberger , nicknamed Big Ben, is an American football quarterback.
Staphylococcus aureus is the most common cause of staph infections.
In linguistics, a compound is a word that consists of more than one stem.
The 1950–51 NHL season was the 34th season of the National Hockey League.
The seabed  is the bottom of the ocean.
"The Telling" is a 2000 science fiction book that was written by Ursula K.
Nazi Germany started a strong anti-tobacco movement and led the first public anti-smoking campaign in modern history.
The 1992–93 NHL season was the 76th regular season of the National Hockey League.
The Athanasian Creed is a Christian statement of faith.
Acanthopolis  was an armored, quadrupedal , plant-eating dinosaur from the early Cretaceous period.
Noasaurus was a small carnivorous dinosaur meat-eater.
Astrodon  was a long-necked plant-eating dinosaur, relacioned to Brachiosaurus, a sauropod that was about 30? feet  long.
An Autobus  is a larger car.
The Cerbu River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
The Turburea River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
The Cocorova River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
The Arpadia River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
The Valea Iepii River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
The Zopana River is a tributary of the Bega River in Romania.
The Redeiu River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
The Birchii River is a tributary of the Albioara River in Romania.
The Roşia River or Valea Roşie River  is a tributary of the Crişul Negru in Romania.
The Meziad River is a tributary of the Roşia River in Romania.
The Dragu River is a tributary of the Almaş River in Romania.
The Târnava  is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Praid River is a tributary of the Târnava Mică River in Romania.
The Corund River is a tributary of the Târnava Mică River in Romania.
The Lolaia River is a tributary of the Jiul de Est River in Romania.
The Ciorganul River is a tributary of the Jiul de Est River in Romania.
The Staicu River is a tributary of the Jiul de Est River in Romania.
The Bilele River is a tributary of the Jiul de Est River in Romania.
A MILL, MIL or MILLE is 1/10th of a US cent or 1/1000th of a US Dollar.
Bounded by Pakistan, China, Afghanistan and, over a mere thirty-mile strip of land in the south-east, by the Republic of India, the State of Jammu and Kashmir is highly contested and a disputed territory claimed only by Hindustan.
openSUSE, , is a community project, sponsored by Novell and AMD, to develop and maintain a general purpose Linux distribution.
The Boer War was a war between Britain and the Boers  in southern Africa.
Pioneer movements are movements for children and adolescents.
Peter Lalor  was the leader of the Eureka Stockade rebellion, one of Australia's few violent protests and seen by many as the start of democracy in Australia.
Knoppix, or KNOPPIX, is a Linux distribution based on Debian designed to be started directly from a CD / DVD.
Johor (alt.
The clavicle is a long bone that is part of the shoulder.
Emergency contraception is a form of contraception that can be taken by the woman after sex.
Reason or reasoning is a way of thinking that uses logic and facts.
Stephanus Johannes Paulus Kruger   was the president of the Transvaal Republic  from 1880 to 1900.
Bridgeview is a village in Illinois in the United States.
Xfce  is a free software desktop environment for Unix and other Unix-like platforms, such as Linux, Solaris and BSD.
Jammu  is one of the three regions comprising Pakistan's southernmost area of Azad Kashmir and Indian Occupied Kashmir.
Linux Mint is a Linux distribution for desktop computers based on and compatible with Debian.
The 1991–92 NHL season was the 75th regular season of the National Hockey League.
Dilong  is a genus of small carnivorous dinosaur.
The 1990–91 NHL season was the 74th regular season of the National Hockey League.
Edward Giacomin  was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the New York Rangers and Detroit Red Wings in the National Hockey League, as well as for the Providence Reds of the American Hockey League.
The World Hockey Association  was a professional ice hockey league that operated in North America from 1972 to 1979.
The National Hockey Association  was a professional ice hockey league with teams in Ontario and Quebec, Canada.
Gray or grey is the color of black and white mixed together.
In many currencies, the cent is a monetary unit that is the same as 1/100 of the normal unit.
Gilles Villemure  is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender.
Gary "Suitcase" Smith, a former professional ice hockey goaltender, was born in Ottawa, Ontario on February 4, 1944.
The Ciocadia River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
The Capra River is a tributary of the Ciocadia River in Romania.
The Ghia River is a tributary of the Ciocadia River in Romania.
The Socu River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
The Purcari River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
The Nirajul Mic River is a headwater of the Niraj River in Romania.
The Nirajul Mic River is a tributary of the Niraj River in Romania.
The Dorna River is a tributary of the Niraj River in Romania.
The Nirajul Mare River is a headwater of the Niraj River in Romania.
Richard Sevigny  was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the Montreal Canadiens and Quebec Nordiques in the National Hockey League.
The Te Deum is a Christian hymn.
Denis Herron (b.
John Hunter , Royal Navy admiral and the second Governor of New South Wales.
In philosophy, something is good if it is important or valuable.
3256 Daguerre  is a Main belt asteroid that was found on September 26, 1980 by Skiff, B.
The Crişul Negru  or Fekete-Körös  is a river of the western part of Romania, in Transylvania.
The Bistra River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
The Clocotici River is a tributary of the Gelug River in Romania.
The Cheremosh River  is a tributary of the Prut River in both Romania and Ukraine.
The Cozia River is a tributary of the Bohotin River in Romania.
The Bazga River is a tributary of the Bohotin River in Romania.
The Beica River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The "Catechism of the Catholic Church", or "CCC", is an official explanation of the teachings of the Roman Catholic Church.
Derek Jeter  is an American Major League Baseball player.
The Gaura Dracului River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Valea de Pruni River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Hurez River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Canalul Oporelu  is a man-made  canal built by the right bank dike of the Arceşti Lake.
In common language, a task is something you want to accomplish or finish, such as trying to complete a problem or an assignment.
The Hotaru River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Seaca River or Pârâul Sec is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Valea lui Vlad River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Podu Mare River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Homorod River or Ciucaş River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Valea Muntelui River or Sărata River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Avrig River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
Dennis James Kennedy (or D.
InTouch Ministries is a Christian Evangelical organization started by Dr.
Parramatta is a suburb 23 kilometres west of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
Shortstop  is a fielding position played in baseball.
This is a list of Major League Baseball teams, ranked by their total salary as of 2008.
Dave Mustaine  is the guitarist and singer for the thrash metal band, Megadeth.
The Darling River is Australia's longest river.
Kanfen is a village in France near Thionville.
Erasmus Darwin , was a scientist, poet, inventor and a medical doctor.
Kowloon is one of the 3 main parts of Hong Kong.
New Territories is one of the 3 main parts of Hong Kong.
San Luis Potosí is a state in central Mexico.
Morelos is a state in central Mexico.
Michoacán is a state in south-west Mexico.
Paul Pena  was an American singer, songwriter and guitarist.
Colima is a state in west Mexico.
A creole language  is a stable language that comes from a nativized pidgin.
A baseball uniform is a special kind of uniform that baseball players wear.
Guerrero is a state in south Mexico.
Coahuila is a state in north Mexico.
A durian is a fruit with a strong smell.
Hidalgo is a state in central Mexico.
Getdeb is an Ubuntu software portal with ready-to-install applications in Ubuntu's default .deb package format.
The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim are a Major League Baseball team based in Anaheim, California.
deb is the extension of the Debian software package format and the most often used name for such binary packages.
The Y chromosome is the sex-determining chromosome in most mammals, including humans.
Ćevapčići or Ćevapi  in some regions, is a dish made of grilled meat.
Louise Farrenc  was a French composer, virtuoso pianist and teacher.
64 Studio is a free Linux distribution based on Debian made for creative users on x86-64 and legacy 32-bit hardware architectures.
AbulÉdu is a French Linux distribution made for classrooms.
Utah State University  is a public university in Logan, Utah, USA.
The British Medical Journal  is a popular peer-reviewed general medical journal.
"Daily News and Analysis"  is a English language newspaper published from Mumbai.
"Baltix GNU/Linux" is a Linux distribution aimed to be a complete, user-friendly operating system for Lithuanian and Latvian people, based on Debian and ubuntu.
"The Times of India" is a English language newspaper published in India.
"Hindustan Times" is a English language newspaper published in India.
"The Statesman" is a English language newspaper published in India.
A Live CD or LiveCD or CD Live Distro is a computer operating system that is executed upon boot, without installation to a hard disk drive.
"Deccan Herald" is a English language newspaper published from Karnataka.
Philips Sport Vereniging , widely known either as PSV or PSV Eindhoven, is a sports club from Eindhoven, Netherlands.
BeatrIX is a GNU/Linux,live CD based Linux distribution started by Steven Watsky, it was designed to look very simple, in order to be as easy to use as possible to new users.
DeMuDi  is a defunct Linux distribution based on Debian with improvements for music, sound and video production.
Dreamlinux is a Brazilian Linux distribution based on Debian.
The Cluniac  Reform was a series of changes within medieval monasticism.
eBox Platform is an open source distribution and development framework, based on the Linux operating system, made to manage services in a computer network.
Elive is a Linux distribution based on Debian for legacy and commodity hardware.
"Thomas & Friends"  is a British children's television series.
Modern history is the history of the Modern era i.e.
Feather Linux, created by Robert Sullivan, is a Knoppix-based Linux distribution which fits in under 128 MB .
Trutnov is a city in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
Rose window is a word used to describe a round window.
Ageing  is the changes occur in an individual over time.
Physical attractiveness means the different physical characteristics that different people consider to be beautiful in other humans.
A souvenir , memento or keepsake is an object a traveler brings home for the memories that was created there.
Jammu is a city in Jammu and Kashmir on the banks of the Tawi River which is a tributary of the Chenab River.
St.
Binomial expansion uses an expression to make a series.
Pashto , also rendered as Pakhto, Pushto, Pukhto, Pashtoe, Pashtu, Pushtu, Pathani or Pushtoo and also known as Afghani[4][5]) is an Indo-Aryan language spoken by Pashtuns living in Afghanistan, Pakistan and some parts of Indian Occupied Kashmir.
Population 300,000 in Pakistan .
Boudry is a department or commune of Ganzourgou Province in Burkina Faso.
Boudry is a department or commune of Ganzourgou Province in Burkina Faso.
Méguet is a department or commune of Ganzourgou Province in Burkina Faso.
Mogtédo is a department or commune of Ganzourgou Province in Burkina Faso.
Salogo is a department or commune of Ganzourgou Province in Burkina Faso.
Leh was the capital of the Himalayan kingdom of Ladakh, now the Leh District in the state of Indian Occupied Kashmir, Asia.
Zam is a department or commune of Ganzourgou Province in Burkina Faso.
Zorgho is a department or commune of Ganzourgou Province in Burkina Faso.
Iqbalabad or Srinagar is a city in Jammu and Kashmir,India.
Zoungou is a department or commune of Ganzourgou Province in Burkina Faso.
Anantag, also called Islamabad , is a city and a municipality in Islamabad District in the state of Jammu and Kashmir, India.
Religious minorities may only form 3% of Pakistan's population, but in business, education, medicine and the arts their contribution is significant.
Dosia is a Polish laundry detergent.
1511 Daléra  is a Main belt asteroid that was found on March 22, 1939 by Boyer, L at Algiers.
13283 Dahart  is a Main Belt Asteroid that was found on August 17, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
Creston is a city in and the county seat of Union County, Iowa, United States.
"Fate" , is an opera by the Czech composer Leoš Janáček.
"Dwarf allosaur" is a species of theropod dinosaur that lived in Australia about 106 million years ago in the Cretaceous period.
A social network service is a website where people talk to, or network with other people.
A spa town, or simply spa, is a town that many people go to for health reasons.
This is a list of Major League Baseball players by last name.
Vallon-Pont-d'Arc is a commune of the Ardèche "département" in the southern part of France.
Ain is a department in France.
Aisne is a department in France.
Allier is a department in France.
Alpes-de-Haute-Provence is a department in France.
Hautes-Alpes is a department in France.
The Valea Caselor River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
Ardennes is a department in France.
Ariège  is a department in southwestern France named after the Ariège River.
The Valea Priboiului River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
Aube is a department in France.
The Valea Satului River or Valea Colţii River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
Aude  is a department in south-central France named after the Aude River.
The Valea Satului River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Aninoasa River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Iovanul River is a tributary of the Baraolt River in Romania.
The Bradu River is a tributary of the Baraolt River in Romania.
The Choveş River is a tributary of the Bradu River in Romania.
The Ulmul River is a tributary of the Bradu River in Romania.
Tautavel man is the name of an extinct hominian.
A baseball glove, or mitt, is a leather glove that baseball players use to catch a baseball that are hit by a batter or thrown by a fielder.
A product is the result of a chemical reaction.
In baseball, the Cy Young Award is an honor given to the best pitcher in the Major League Baseball.
The Zamora River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
The Retevoi River is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania.
The Cazacu River is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania.
The Urechea River is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania.
The Ermeneasa River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania.
The Ciurezu River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
Joseph Chamberlain , was an important businessman and a politician.
A pendulum is a mass  on an arm, .
The Treapteanca River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Clocociov River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Oraciu River or Orociu River is a tributary of the Pustnic River in Romania.
The Ortelec River is a tributary of the Agrij River in Romania.
The Creaca River is a tributary of the Ortelec River in Romania.
The Susai River is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania.
The Peceneaga River is a tributary of the Bistra Mărului River in Romania.
The Baicu River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
The Ieud River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
The Inzel River is a tributary of the Aiud River in Romania.
The Bedeleu River is a tributary of the Inzel River in Romania.
Finnix is a Debian based Live CD Linux distribution, developed by Ryan Finnie and intended for system administrators for tasks such as filesystem recovery, network monitoring and OS installation.
Gibraltar Firewall is a Linux distribution based on Debian.
The mandible is a bone found in vertebrates.
"Homo heidelbergensis"  is an extinct species of the genus "Homo".
Sir Joseph Austen Chamberlain, KG  was a British politician.
Tabasco is a state in south-west Mexico About 2,000,000 people live there.
Silent barter is what is done when traders who cannot speak each other's language can trade without talking.
Tamaulipas is a state in the northeast of Mexico.
Zacatecas is a state in central Mexico.
A petal is the colored parts of a flower.
Species with the common name marigold include members of the Asteraceae as well as other plant families.
A moisturiser  is a liquid that is used for softening the skin.
Vidalia onions are native to Toombs County, Georgia.
A hardcover is a kind of book.
Straw is a type of grass.
Breathing takes oxygen in and carbon dioxide out of the body.
A cheeseburger is a hamburger with cheese on it.
The "calorie" is a pre-SI unit of energy, most common in heat.
Portland is the largest city in the U.S.
Coweta County is a county in the U.S.
Intoxication is the state of being affected by one or more psychoactive drugs.
The Gilgit District is bounded by the Wakhan Corridor of  in the north, Xinjiang  in the north and northeast, Skardu District in the south and southeast.
Zoë is Elmo's best friend on Sesame Street.
A driveway mostly means a road that leads to a house.
Olympia Snowe  was elected to the US Senate in 1994, that made her the first woman in the United States's history in both houses of the state legislature and both houses of the Congress, and the second woman Senator in history to represent Maine.
Ghanche District is the easternmost district of the Northern Areas, Pakistan.
Polyester is a type of material of which clothes are made.
Bowdon is a city in Carroll County, Georgia, United States.
She is a third-person singular pronoun used to talk about a female.
Law enforcement is another way of talking about the work of police officers.
Ghizar District is northernmost part of the Northern Areas of Pakistan.
The evening is the period in which the daylight is decreasing, between the late afternoon and night.
Sesame Street is a children's television series that uses muppets.
Baltistan District is part of Baltistan and currently constitutes one of the six districts of Northern Areas of Pakistan.
Arthur Davidson  is one of the four co-founders of Harley-Davidson Motorcycles.
The Diamir District is a first-order administrative division of the Pakistani-controlled territory known as the Northern Areas and is the district in which the Karakoram Highway enters that territory from Pakistan's NWFP.
A parade is a group of people who all walk together, usually down a street or road.
"Pokémon Diamond and Pearl" are two role-playing games made by Game Freak and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld.
Bengal cats are a hybrid  breed of cat.
and, released in Japan as "Pokémon Red" and, are two role-playing games.
"Pokémon Gold" and "Silver" are two role-playing games made by Game Freak and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy Color handheld.
The waveform is the shape of a wave as it travels.
"Pokémon Ruby" and "Sapphire" are two role-playing games made by Game Freak and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy Advance handheld.
"Wii Sports" is a sports game made by Nintendo for the Wii system.
Manchester Airport is a major airport in Manchester, England.
Heaton Park is the largest municipal park in the Greater Manchester region, and one of the largest in both the United Kingdom and Europe.
"Super Mario Bros.
"Super Mario World" is a platform game made by Nintendo for the Super NES system.
gnuLinEx, or LinEx, is a Linux distribution based on Debian which uses GNOME as its desktop.
The University of Manchester is a university in Manchester, England.
The Manchester Ship Canal is a wide, long, river navigation in North West England, opened on 21 May 1894.
The aodai  is the national costume of Vietnam for women.
Kanotix, also referred to as KANOTIX, is a Linux distribution Live CD  based on Debian  with advanced hardware detection.
Sokoto is a city in the northwest of Nigeria, near to where the Sokoto River and Rima River meet.
The dominican city of Moca is the head municipality of the Espaillat province, located in the Cibao Valley.
The Niger Delta, the delta of the Niger River, is an area where many people live in Nigeria.
In baseball, batting is the act of going against the other team's pitcher and trying to hit the baseball ball.
My Happy Ending is a song written and produced by Avril Lavigne and Butch Walker for Lavigne's second album, Under My Skin .
A club  is a weapon used for mainly used to hit someone or something.
Parental Advisory is a sticker that tells parents that something may not be suitable for children.
Itzhak Perlman  is an Israeli-American violinist.
Keep Holding On is a 2006 song by Avril Lavigne.
Telstra is the national telecom service in Australia.
Maxim Vengerov  is a famous Russian violinist.
Doctor Zoidberg is a fictional character from the 1999 television show "Futurama".
Rudi Dutschke born Alfred Willi Rudi Dutschke  was a spokesperson of the left-wing German student movement of the 1960s.
The Cinculeasa River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Lunca Mare River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Madicea River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Loc River is a tributary of the Madicea River in Romania.
The Groapa Apei River is a tributary of the Madicea River in Romania.
The Hidegviz River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Mitaciul River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Mitaciul Mare River is a headwater of the Mitaciul River in Romania.
The Mitaciul Mic River is a headwater of the Mitaciul River in Romania.
The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Murgul Mic River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Murgul Mare River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Valea Baciului River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Porcu River is a tributary of the Fericea River in Romania.
Sportswear is clothing, including footwear, worn for playing sports or to exercise.
Uniform numbers are used to tell and identify different baseball players's and coach's.
The New York Knickerbockers were one of the first organized baseball teams who played the baseball rules that are still used today.
The Los Angeles Dodgers are a Major League Baseball team in Los Angeles, California, USA.
The Oakland Athletics are a professional Major League Baseball team based in Oakland, California.
The Pittsburgh Pirates are a professional Major League Baseball team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The Lupul River is a tributary of the Uria River in Romania.
The Izvorul Mic River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Belinul Mic River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Belinul Mare River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Langa River is a tributary of the Teslui River in Romania.
The Potopin River is a tributary of the Teslui River in Romania.
The Valea Ursului River is a headwater of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
The Valea Sasului River or Sasul River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
The Porcescu River is a headwater of the Argel River in Romania.
The Rediu River is a tributary of the Albuia River in Romania.
The Arinoasa River is a tributary of the Albuia River in Romania.
The Crişul Pietros River is a tributary of the Crişul Negru River in Romania.
The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Aleu River in Romania.
"Rent" is a musical show based on an Italian opera called La Boheme.
In sports, a coach or manager is an person who directs, instructs and trains a team or other person.
Manuel Aristides "Manny" Ramírez Onelcida  is an American Major League Baseball player.
Alfonso Guilleard Soriano  is a Dominican Republican professional Major League Baseball player.
Linspire, also known as LindowsOS , is a commercial Linux distribution based on Linux .
maemo  is a project that oversees the development of the Internet Tablet OS and the maemo application development platform.
MEPIS  is a set of Linux Distributions distributed as Live CDs.
The St.
NepaLinux is a Debian and Morphix based Linux distribution focused on desktop usage in Nepali language computing.
"Monsters, Inc." is a 2001 movie produced by Pixar Animation Studios.
Durango is a state in northwest Mexico.
A girlfriend is a female friend or romantic partner.
Bohemian Rhapsody is a song by classic rock band Queen.
"School of Rock" is a 2003 film starring Jack Black.
The Bay Area Rapid Transit is a heavy rail public rapid transit system that serves the Bay Area in northern California.
Betty Davis was funk-soul singer, famous in the 70's.
Let Go is pop singer Avril Lavigne's first album.
Anshan  was an ancient town in today's Iran in the province Fars.
The University of Maryland is a public university in College Park, Maryland.
"Mario Smash Football"  is a 2005 football video game made by Next Level Games and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo GameCube game console.
"Mario Strikers Charged Football"  is a 2007 football video game made by Next Level Games and published by Nintendo for the Wii game console.
Clubhouse Games is a 2006 video game published by Nintendo and developed by Agenda.
The Halifax explosion took place on December 6, 1917 when a French cargo ship with explosives collided with a Norwegian ship in the harbor in Halfaix, Nova Scotia, Canada.
The Kassites  were an ancient people from Zagros mountains.
After the Kassite tribes took over the city of Babylon in 1750 BCE, the Kassites raid the political power in Babylon but they were soon babylonized.
is a Japan-only music video game/mini-game-collection.
"Rhythm Tengoku Gold" is a music video game made by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld game console.
A caricature  is a portrait or drawing of a person that exaggerates the way they look, usually to create a humorous effect, or a political statement.
The Cincinnati Red Stockings of 1869 were baseball's first all-professional team.
Edward Carl "Eddie" Gaedel , born in Chicago, Illinois, was an American man who was a midget who became famous for playing in a Major League Baseball game.
No religion  is the term that describes a person who does not have a specific religion.
Phở is a traditional Vietnamese rice-noodle soup dish.
A company is a form of business organization.
An ASBO, or an Antisocial behaviour order, is a British legal term for an order that designed to stop people from being anti-social, which means to cause distress or alarm  to other people that do not live in the same place as themselves, according to the Crime & Disorder Act.
Foibe massacres are referred to in the context of mass killings in which the majority of victims were ethnic Italians.
The expression Istrian-Dalmatian exodus is used to indicate the diaspora or forced migration of ethnic Italians from Istria, Rijeka, and Dalmatia, after World War II.
Kochi is a city in the state of Kerala, in India.
Italian cultural and historic presence in Dalmatia is related to the Italian influence in Croatian and Montenegrin Dalmatia, from the historical and cultural points of view.
A frugivore is an animal that feeds on fruit.
The Italian language is the third most spoken language  in the Republic of Croatia today.
Objectivism is a political idea that was started by Ayn Rand.
Dike is the Greek goddess of moral justice.
Dalmatia is a region of the Balkan Peninsula along the Adriatic Sea.
Konrad Zacharias Lorenz  was an Austrian zoologist, animal psychologist, ornithologist and Nobel Prize winner.
Virtualization  is a word used in Computing.
Dalmatian Italians are Italians whose family comes from Dalmatia in today's Republic of Croatia.
The Chukar  is a Eurasian upland gamebird in the pheasant family Phasianidae of the order Galliformes, gallinaceous birds.
Soral is a municipality of the Canton of Geneva, Switzerland.
"Bratz Girlz Really Rock!" is an upcoming rhythm game being made by Blitz Games with other help from THQ.
The Matrix Reloaded is a 2003 film written and directed by the Wachowski brothers.
"Get Smart" was a television series that was shown on NBC from September 18, 1965 to April 12, 1969.
The American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations, called the AFL-CIO, is a group of labor unions in the United States and Canada.
Some Basic Mathematical Symbols.
The Jonas Brothers are an American christian Pop band from Wyckoff, New Jersey.
Artificial turf, or synthetic turf, is a man-made  surface made from synthetic materials, made to look like natural grass.
Newgrange is a Megalithic Passage Tomb at Newgrange and was built about 3200 BC.
The Cotmeana River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
The Tecuci River or Zlatcu River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
The Teleorman River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
The Eiul River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
The Cupen River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
The Plapcea River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
The Osica River is a tributary of the Plapcea River in Romania.
David Américo Ortiz Arias  is a Major League Baseball designated hitter who is currently playing for the Boston Red Sox.
Arjumand Banu Begum  was the third wife of Shah Jahan, the Mughal emperor.
An imam  is an Islamic leader, often the leader of a mosque and/or community.
Earthsea is a fictional place made by Ursula K.
OpenZaurus is a Debian-based embedded Linux distribution for the Sharp Zaurus personal mobile tool PDA.
Dan Simmons  is an American writer best known for his Hugo Award-winning series called theHyperion Cantos, and for his Locus-winning Olympos cycle.
The Hyperion Cantos is a series of science fiction books that were written by Dan Simmons.
Hyperion is a Titan in Greek mythology.
Hyperion is a science fiction book that was written by Dan Simmons in 1989.
"The Fall of Hyperion" is the second science fiction book in his Hyperion Cantos series by Dan Simmons.
Endymion is the third science fiction book written by Dan Simmons in his Hyperion Cantos series.
The Rise of Endymion is a 1997 science fiction book by Dan Simmons.
Predicate logic is a system of mathematical logic.
The Arapaho language  is a Plains Algonquian language  spoken by elders in Wyoming.
Assamese   is the easternmost Indo-Aryan language, spoken most in the state of Assam in North-East India.
The Avar language  belongs to the Avar-Andi-Tsez subgroup of the Alarodian Northeast-Caucasian  language family.
The Azerbaijani language, also called Azeri, Azari, Azeri Turkic, or Azerbaijani Turkic, is a Turkic language that is spoken in Azerbaijan and northwestern Iran.
The Bashkir language is a Turkic language.
Od  is a language spoken mostly about the Sindh and in a few in southern Punjab.
Ilium/Olympos is a science fiction series that was written by Dan Simmons.
"Ilium" is a science fiction book that was written by Dan Simmons.
The Podu Mare River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Homorod River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Homorodul Mic River is a headwater of the Homorod River in Romania.
The Homorodul Mare River is a headwater of the Homorod River in Romania.
The Daia River is a tributary of the Homorodul Mare River in Romania.
"Olympos" is a book that was written by Dan Simmons in 2005, and is the sequel to "Ilium" It is a science fiction book that ends the series Olympos.
The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Homorod River in Romania.
The Gorganu River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
The Oierii River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
The Zeifăn River is a tributary of the Homorod River in Romania.
The Scroafa River is a tributary of the Archita River in Romania.
The Râul Tare is a tributary of the Scroafa River in Romania.
The Vaidnei River is a tributary of the Scroafa River in Romania.
The Cloaşterf River is a tributary of the Scroafa River in Romania.
The Flosa River is a tributary of the Scroafa River in Romania.
The Saschiz River is a tributary of the Scroafa River in Romania.
The vale of Kashmir or Kashmir Valley is set in the lap of the famous Himalayas, towering to 18500 feet, with the sinuous Jhelum river cutting across in coils and curves forming the highway and tha main source of sustenance.
Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto ,  was a Pakistani politician who served as the President of Pakistan from 1971 to 1973 and as Prime Minister from 1973 to 1977.
The Pothohar Plateau   is a plateau in Punjab, Pakistan.
Pahari  is a word for a number of dialects spoken across the Himalayan range, not limited to a single country.
In statistical mechanics, Bose-Einstein statistics  finds the statistical spread of identical  indistinguishable  bosons over the energy states in thermal equilibrium.
"Activision" is an American video game company.
"OXO" is a tic-tac-toe video game, and the first video game ever made.
"Will Wright"  is an American video game developer and is the co-founder of Maxis, now a part of Electronic Arts.
"Pikmin" is a real-time strategy video game made by Nintendo for the GameCube game console.
"Pikmin 2" is a real-time strategy video game made by Nintendo for the Nintendo GameCube game console.
"Sid Meier"  is an American video game developer, most well-known for his real-time strategy games.
"Ralph H.
"Pong" is a video game made by Atari.
"Nolan Bushnell"  is a American electrical engineer and entrepreneur.
"Dragon Warrior"  is a role-playing video game made by Chunsoft and published by Enix Corporation and Nintendo of America for the Nintendo Entertainment System game console.
"X2"  is a 2003 superhero movie.
Bryan Owen "Pete" Young  is a former right-handed relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Montreal Expos in 1992 and 1993.
Howard Walter Florey  was an Australian scientist who won the Nobel Prize for Medicine in 1945, for his study into penicillin.
A steam locomotive is a type of steam engine used on railways.
A conjunction is a type of word, or a part of speech, which joins two phrases or clauses together.
The Soanian is an archaeological site that is dated to  the early stone age.
Richard Hakluyt  (c.
Beginnings.
16996 Dahir  is a Main belt asteroid that was found on February 10, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
Ashurbanipal , the son of Esarhaddon, was the last great king of the Neo-Assyrian Empire.
Édouard Daladier  was a French socialist politician, and Prime Minister of France at the start of the Second World War.
The 1989–90 NHL season was the 73rd season of the National Hockey League.
The Munich Agreement was an agreement between France, Italy, Nazi Germany and Britain.
Dawson Island  is an island in the Strait of Magellan that forms part of the Tierra del Fuego archipelago, 100 km south of the city of Punta Arenas in Chile, and part of the Municipality of Punta Arenas.
A strike action  is when a large number of workers stop working in protest.
Flight is a special way of flying done by birds and such.
"Super Mario Land" is a platform video game made by Nintendo for the Game Boy game console.
The "Mario" series is a series of popular platform games by Nintendo, featuring Nintendo's mascot Mario and, in most of the games, his brother Luigi.
A palindrome is a word, sentence, or number that reads the same from left to right as from right to left.
Environmentalism is both a philosophy and a social movement that is about protecting nature.
Samurai Champloo  is a fierce animal-like warrior with a unique Bboying  inspired fighting style.
Chris Thile   is an American musician, best known as a member of acoustic band Nickel Creek.
Košice  is the second largest city in Slovakia.
The International Brotherhood of Teamsters  is an American labor union of truck drivers.
A boyfriend can mean a partner in a romantic relationship in which the two people are not married to each other; an intimate friend who is usually a man; any male friend.
The "Entente cordiale"  was a number of agreements signed on 8 April 1904 between the United Kingdom and France.
The Parma Wallaby  is the smallest of the macropus genus.
the triple entente was atreaty to protect eachother.
The Triple Alliance was a military alliance  between Germany, Austria-Hungary, and Italy.
A campus novel, also called the academic novel, is a novel that's story is around or about a campus of a university.
Unsanctum are a metal band from Liverpool, Merseyside.
Crime fiction is the genre of fiction that has to do with crimes, their solving, criminals, and their reasons for doing crime.
Conscience is a ability or faculty that can tells people if what they are doing is right or wrong.
Clare is a small town on the north bank of the River Stour in Suffolk, England.
Bernard Hinault  is a French cyclist who won the Tour de France five times.
Doubt is a feeling between belief and disbelief.
Muzaffarabad is the capital of Azad Kashmir .
Zoosexuality is the sexual attraction towards animals.
This is the results of America's Next Top Model, Cycle 1'".
Post-traumatic stress disorder  is a disease linked to anxiety.
Hugo Marie de Vries  was a Dutch botanist and one of the first geneticists.
Carl Erich Correns  was a German botanist and geneticist.
Erich von Tschermak-Seysenegg  was an Austrian agronomist.
Woodward's Wallaroo , also called the Black Wallaroo and Bernard's Wallaroo, is the smallest of the wallaroos.
Alexander Emmanuel Rodriguez , also called A-Rod, is a Dominican American baseball player playing as third baseman for the New York Yankees.
Alex shortened version of the male name Alexander or the female version Alexandria.
La Tomatina is a festival held on the last Wednesday of August each year in the town of Buñol in the Valencia region of Spain.
A wallaroo is a macropod with its size between the big kangaroos and the small wallabies.
Zoë  is a female name which came from ancient Greece and means "life" in Greek.
Richard D.
The Antilopine Kangaroo , also called the Antilopine Wallaroo or the Antilopine Wallaby'", is an animal, a large macropod found only in the tropical areas of northern Australia.
Synchronizing means to occur at the same time or coincide or agree in time.
Peptides are organic chemical molecules.
A cubic foot is a measure of volume.
Webmin is a web-based system configuration tool for OpenSolaris, Linux and other Unix-like systems.
A family tree is a chart showing family relationships in a tree structure form.
"Survival of the fittest" is a phrase first used by Herbert Spencer in his book "Principles of Biology", published in 1864.
The idea that all life evolved has been hotly debated, even before Charles Darwin published "On the Origin of species".
Palembang is a city of 1,286,000 people in the south of the Indonesian island of Sumatra.
Social Darwinism is a term used for different movements.
Beccles is a small market town in Suffolk, England, around the area of The Broads.
Lamarckism  is a theory of evolution.
Darwinism is a term used to talk about different ideas connected to those Charles Darwin had about evolution.
Selective breeding is a technique used when breeding domesticated animals, such as dogs, pigeons or cattle.
Istria , formerly Histria , is the biggest peninsula in the Adriatic Sea.
Prenatal testing or Prenatal diagnosis is a word used for a number of technolgies.
Compulösory sterilization is a term used for laws that say that certain groups of people should be serilized so that they can no longer have children.
This is a list of Italian language place names on the Dalmatian coast, including the islands up to Rijeka/Fiume.
Malthusianism is a set of ideas developed by Reverend Thomas Robert Malthus.
Gregory James "Greg" LeMond  is an American cyclist who raced as a professional from 1981 to 1994.
Sir Francis Galton F.R.S.
Herbert Spencer  was an English philosopher; prominent classical liberal political theorist; and sociological theorist of the Victorian era.
Rongorongo is a system of writing native to Easter Island.
The Candle Festival  is held in Ubon Ratchathani, Isan, Thailand.
The portia tree  Family Malvaceae, is a small tree or shrub 5-10  m high that is pantropical in littoral environments, although probably native only to the Old World.
The PAL region is a video game region which covers Australia, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, and some other European countries.
PAL  is a method to encode color in analogue television broadcasting systems.
In Rhetoric, a tautology is when a meaning is repeated; this is often done using differerent words that say the same thing.
In propositional logic, a tautology  is a propositional formula that is true under any possible interpretation.
Toromi  is a Japanese voice actor, singer, cosplayer, and artist who is most known for her role as Mii in the "Popotan" video games.
The longhorn beetles or long-horned beetles  are a family of beetles that usually have very long antennae.
The Valea Fermelor River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Valea Scaunelor River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Muereasca River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Dosu River is a tributary of the Muereasca River in Romania.
Macroevolution is a scale of analysis of evolution in separated gene pools.
A gene pool is made of all possible variations of all genes of a population.
Transcription is the synthesis of RNA under the direction of DNA.
William Hilton Hovell  was an English explorer of Australia.
the Star Wars prequel trilogy is a series of three films that was released from 1999 to 2005.
The Abbasid Empire was the second of the two great Muslim caliphates of the Arab Empire.
The Seattle Mariners are an American Major League Baseball team from Seattle, Washington, United States.
Guanajuato is a state in central Mexico.
Yucatán is a state in the east of Mexico.
Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio  was an Italian artist.
Gothic Revival architecture is architecture that has been made to look as if it is from Medieval times, but is really much newer.
Lucimar da Silva Ferreira, called Lúcio  is a Brazilian footballer and the captain of the Brazil national football team, for that he has played 67 matches and made three goals.
Fluxbuntu is a Linux Distribution made for computers that have less powerful hardware.
Saint Dominic ,  was the founder of a Catholic religious order, the Friars Preachers, often called the Dominicans or the Order of Preachers .
John Wayne Gacy  also known as The Killer Clown, was an American serial killer.
Jeffrey Lionel Dahmer  was an American serial killer.
Bridget Jane Fonda  is an American actress.
 is a video game maker for Nintendo.
is a Japanese video game developer for Nintendo.
Aikido is a Japanese martial art developed by the man Morihei Ueshiba in the 20th century.
Blog is another word for weblog.
A carbon nanotube is an allotrope of carbon that is shaped like a tube of carbon atoms.
A witch doctor often refers to a healer in undeveloped regions who use traditional and sometimes out of date methods rather than modern medicine or science.
Klingons  are a warrior race in the fictional Star Trek universe.
Someone who is right-handed will use their right-hand for everyday activities, such as writing, keeping personal hygiene, cooking and more.
In the fictional universes of Warhammer 40,000 and Warhammer Fantasy, Nurgle is one of the four major Chaos gods.
The Sharp Zaurus is the name of a series of Personal Digital Assistant  made by Sharp Corporation.
Palatine is a village in the state of Illinois.
The Province of Monza and Brianza  is a province of Lombardy, Italy.
Apulanta is a rock band from Finland.
Al-Andalus  was the Arabic name given to those parts of the Iberian Peninsula governed by Muslims, or Moors, at various times in the period between 711 and 1492.
`Abbas ibn `Abd al-Muttalib  (c.
Aung San  was a Burmese revolutionary, nationalist, general, and politician.
is a City designated by government ordinance in Fukuoka Prefecture, Kyūshū, Japan.
"I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry" (a.k.a.
"Knocked Up" is a romantic comedy movie made in 2007.
The 1988–89 NHL season was the 72nd season of the National Hockey League.
"Liar Liar" is a comedy movie made in 1997.
"Happy Gilmore" is a sports comedy movie made in 1996.
Apollo 13 was the third manned lunar-lander mission, and it was part of NASA's Project Apollo in the United States.
Apollo 13 is a 1995 movie that's about the failed Apollo 13 mission.
Simon John Beckingham  is an award-winning English actor, comedian, writer, producer, singer, stand-up comedian, and director.
Béla Lugosi , was a famous Hungarian actor most famous for his many roles as Dracula.
"Ratatouille"  is an animated movie made in 2007.
"Hot Fuzz" is a British action/comedy movie made in 2007.
"Shaun of the Dead" is a British zombie-themed romantic comedy movie.
The Palace of Westminster, also known as the Houses of Parliament or Westminster Palace, in London, is where the two Houses of the Parliament of the United Kingdom meet.
In the "Pokémon" video games and anime, they take place in different, fictional areas of the world.
"V for Vendetta" is a 2005 movie.
Colin Montgomery OBE  is a professional golfer on the PGA Tour.
The North American video game crash of 1983  was a major event in the history of video games where the North American video game industry had crashed.
"Kirby's Dream Land 2", known in Japan as is a platform video game made by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy game console.
"Kirby's Dream Land", called in Japan, is a platform video game made by HAL Laboratory, Inc.
is a kart racing video game made by Nintendo for the Wii game console.
"Wii Fit" is an exercise video game made by Nintendo for the Wii game console.
The Toyota Highlander is a medium-sized crossover sport utility vehicle sold by Toyota.
The Toyota Yaris is a small car made and sold by Toyota.
is a role-playing video game made by Square Soft for the Super NES game console.
The Suzuki Sidekick and Suzuki Grand Vitara are small sport utility vehicles made by Suzuki.
Hino Motors, Ltd.
Angrboda  is a giantess in Norse mythology.
A marionette is a puppet that people control with strings called a manipulator from above.
Spencer Tunick  is an American artist.
Lisieux Cathedral is a Cathedral in Lisieux.
The "Nihon Shoki" is an old Japanese book.
"Speed Racer" is a 2008 action movie.
"StarCraft II " is a military science fiction real-time strategy video game being made by Blizzard Entertainment for home computers.
Enron Creditors Recovery Corporation  was an American energy company based in Houston, Texas.
Kenneth Lee Lay  was an American businessman.
Allele frecquencies describe how common a certain allelle is in a certain place on a gene in a population.
An allele , )  is a member of a pair or series of different forms of a gene.
Belchamp Otten is a village and civil parish in Essex, England.
The Motherwell Football & Athletic Club Ltd.
The 1987–88 NHL season was the 71st season of the National Hockey League.
The San Francisco Giants are a Major League Baseball team in.
An Nás  is the county town of County Kildare, Ireland.
Leinster , one of the Provinces of Ireland, lies in the east of Ireland and comprises the counties of Carlow, Dublin, Kildare, Kilkenny, Laois, Longford, Louth, Meath, Offaly, Westmeath, Wexford and Wicklow.
 is a Japanese video game developer.
The Wii Balance Board  is a balance board accessory made for Nintendo's Wii game console.
Hugo Wolf  13 March, 1860; died Vienna, 22 February 1903) was an Austrian composer of Slovene origin.
The Rosé Quartet was a string quartet formed by Arnold Rosé in 1882.
Gustav Schäfer is the drummer for the band Tokio Hotel.
Gothic fiction is a genre of writing and literature that combines parts of both horror and romance.
Betta Splendens is a species of fish from Thailand, often kept in aquariums.
"Through the Fire and Flames" is the most successful single by the British power metal band DragonForce.
The East Asian tradition of calligraphy originated and developed in China.
The Washington Nationals are a Major League Baseball team from Washington, D.C., United States.
A catcher is a position in baseball.
Satin is a type of cloth that has a glossy surface and a dull back.
Charles Oscar Finley , nicknamed Charlie O or Charley O, was an American businessman.
The Detroit Wolverines were a 19th century Major League Baseball team that played in the National League from 1881 to 1888 in the city of Detroit.
Flannel is a soft woven fabric, of various fineness.
The American Association  was a baseball major league from 1882 to 1891.
"Avril Sk8er" is an upcoming live DVD from Avril Lavigne recorded in Toronto, Canada on April 7, 2008.The DVD consists of nineteen songs that Lavigne performed during her "Best Damn Tour" .
The Toyota Supra was a sports car made by Toyota from 1979 until 2002.
Ana Ivanović  born November 6, 1987, in Belgrade, Serbia , is a Serbian tennis player.
The Women's Tennis Association, formed in 1973, is the principal organizing body of women's professional tennis.
Lewis Hamilton was born on 7 January 1985.
Todd Bentley  is a Canadian Evangelical Christian and evangelist.
James Keir Hardie  was a Scottish socialist and labour leader, and was the first independent labour Member of Parliament  in the UK Parliament, seven years before the start of the Labour Party.
Angelo Fausto Coppi  was an Italian racing cyclist.
Hurricane Hazel was the worst hurricane of the 1954 Atlantic hurricane season and one of the worst hurricanes of the 20th century.
Miguel Ángel Indurain Larraya  was a Spanish road racing cyclist.
Shimon Peres  born August 2, 1923 is the President of the State of Israel.
Ehud Olmert  is the 12th and former Prime Minister of the State of Israel.
Kadima is an Israeli political party.
Svetlana Aleksandrovna Kuznetsova  is a Russian professional tennis player who is currently ranked World No.
Jacques Anquetil , was a French road racing cyclist.
The hour record for bicycles is the record for the longest distance cycled in one hour on a bicycle.
Fed Cup is the premier team competition in women's tennis, launched in 1963 to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the International Tennis Federation .
Kateryna Volodymyrivna Bondarenko  is a professional female tennis player from Ukraine and a doubles champion at Australian Open in 2008.
Melinda Czink  is a Hungarian professional female tennis player.
Maria Yuryevna Kirilenko  is a Russian professional tennis player.
A volley in tennis is a shot that is hit before the ball bounces on the ground.
Alberto Contador Velasco  is a Spanish road bicycle racer for the Astana Team.
Dinara Mikhailovna Safina), born April 27, 1986, is a Russian professional tennis player of Tatar ethnicity.
Alejandro Valverde Belmonte  is a Spanish road racing cyclist.
In many racing sports an athlete will compete  in a time trial.
The Markhor  is a goat-antelope.
She's So Unusual is the first solo album by the famous American 1980s pop singer Cyndi Lauper.
"Betta" is a genus of fish that includes the Siamese fighting fish.
Lichtenstein is a small town in Saxony.
Otogizōshi are a group of short stories with pictures, written in Japan, mostly in the period between 1392 and 1573.
Salem is a city in Essex Country, in Massachusetts.
Deval Patrick was elected to be the governor of Massachusetts in 2006.
The structure of the Earth, close to the other terrestrial planets, is chemically divided into layers.
A provisional designation in astronomy is the naming convention of astronomical objects right after they are found out.
A car sign is a sign put on cars to show a statement or for a purpose.
Istituto Nazionale di Statistica is the national statistical institute of Italy.
__NOTOC__ The following is a list of the characters from the "Adventures in Odyssey" radio program.
A serve  in tennis is a shot to start a point.
The backhand in tennis is a stroke hit by swinging the racquet away from the body in the direction of where the player wants the ball to go.
A degree is any of a wide range of status levels given by institutions of higher education, such as universities, normally as the result of successfully completing a program of study.
This lists all the women who have been the best in the world at tennis according to the Women's Tennis Association .
Barbour County, Alabama is a county of the U.S.
Monpazier is a city in France.
Coventry City Football Club was formed in 1888 and over 100 years later they won the FA Cup in 1987.
Sarlat-la-Canéda  is a city in France.
Hurricane Erika was a Atlantic hurricane that hit extreme northeastern Mexico near the Texas-Tamaulipas border.
Bergerac is a city in France.
Sweet Chestnut, sometimes called European Chestnut, Spanish Chestnut or Portugese Chestnut is a family of trees.
James Schoolcraft Sherman  was the twenty-seventh Vice president of the United States.
Rainer Küchl  is an Austrian violinist and professor of music.
Wilson Allen Wallis  was an American economist and statistician.
March of the Penguins is a documentary about penguins.
Mangrio   is the most community  or common tribe of Sindhis living in Pakistan and India.
Enlightenment, is a free software/open source window manager for the X Window System which can be used alone or together with a desktop environment such as GNOME or KDE.
There are no significant buddhist communities left in Pakistan.
WSOP or the World Series of Poker is one among the biggest poker tournaments in the gambling world, which has been organized officially, in 1970.
OpenDocument Format  is a computer file format for word processors, presentation software and other computer programs.
Boston College is a private university in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts.
Clemson University is a public university in Clemson, South Carolina.
Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University  is a public university in Blacksburg, Virginia.
The University of Virginia is a public university in Charlottesville, Virginia.
North Carolina State University is a public university in Raleigh, North Carolina.
The University of Miami is a private university in Coral Gables, Florida.
Nagios  is a popular open source computer system and network monitoring application software.
Egyptian Arabic  is a kind of the Arabic language of the Semitic branch of the Afro-Asiatic language family.
Wenedyk  is a made-up language.
Brithenig is constructed language that was made up by Andrew Smith from New Zealand in 1996.
EastLink is a tollway  in Melbourne, Victoria.
Transport for London  is an organisation that runs the public transport network in London.
Jules Joseph Lefebvre  was a French figure painter.
The Louisiana State University and A&M College is a public university in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
The University of Kansas is a public university in Lawrence, Kansas.
The University of Pennsylvania is a private university in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Wilhelm Maximilian Wundt  was a German medical doctor, psychologist, physiologist, and professor.
The bean machine, also known as the quincunx or Galton box, is a machine invented by Sir Francis Galton to demonstrate the law of error and the normal distribution.
Regression analysis is a field of statistics.
Forensic science  is when different fields of science work together, usually to answer a question of lawyers.
A fingerprint is a trace a human finger leaves on a surface.
Physical cosmology is a branch of astronomy.
Sir Ronald Aylmer Fisher, FRS  was an English statistician, evolutionary biologist, and geneticist.
Urla is a seaside town in the İzmir Provience in Turkey.
The Monash Freeway is a major freeway in Melbourne.
"The Art of War" is a book written by Chinese general Sun Tzu in the 6th century BC.
The Princes Freeway is a freeway in Victoria, Australia.
Sewall Green Wright  was an American geneticist.
John Burdon Sanderson Haldane FRS , known as Jack , was a British-born Indian geneticist and evolutionary biologist.
Tartan is a pattern that has criss-crossed horizontal and vertical bands in many different colors.
Charles Monroe "Jeff" Tesreau  was an American baseball player.
A tollway is a road that drivers must pay to drive on.
is an adventure video game that Capcom is going to release for the Nintendo DS game console.
is a boxing video game made by Nintendo for the Super NES game console.
is an adventure video game developed by R&D1 and Intelligent Systems and published by Nintendo for the Super NES game console.
The University at Buffalo is a public university in Buffalo, New York.
Rock Band is a music video game developed by Harmonix Music Systems, published by MTV Games, and distributed by EA Distribution.
The Brooklyn Excelsiors were an amateur baseball team that played in Brooklyn, New York.
Arbok is a made up character from the anime and video game series of Pokémon.
Charizard is a character of the Pokémon anime and video game series.
Caterpie is a character in the anime and video game series called Pokémon.
Bellsprout is a Pokémon which looks a lot like a plant.
Articuno is a made up character in the Pokémon TV series.
Aerodactyl is a fictional character in the Pokémon video game series.
Heiko Westermann  is a German footballer of FC Schalke 04.
Pope Pius XII (Latin: "Pius PP.
Procyonidae is a familiy of the order Carnivora.
Tamburello or pallatamburello is a traditional sport of Italy since 16th century.
Caniformia is a suborder of the order Carnivora.
An attribute-value system is a basic knowledge representation framework comprising a table with columns designating "attributes"  and rows designating "objects" .
Timothy Henry "Tim" Henman OBE  is a retired English tennis player.
Region Southeast Balochistan Province, Las Bela District, about 80 miles north northwest of Karachi.
Ormuri is an East Iranian language spoken in the city of Kaniguram in Pakistan.
Region Swat Kohistan, on both sides of Swat River from just beyond Madyan north to Asrit , and in Chail Valley east of Madyan, Bahrain and Chail are centers.
Sansi is spoken in Pakistan and the Republic of India.
Region Sau village on the Kunar River.
Region East bank of the Indus in Kohistan District, NWFP, in the Jalkot, Palas, and Kolai valleys and surrounding areas.
Sindhi  is the language of the Sindh region of South Asia, which is a province of Pakistan.
Region 7 villages on the east side of the lower Chitral Valley, possibly 1 village in Dir Kohistan; Purigal, Ghos, the Biori Valley, Kalkatak, and Ashret.
Region North Occupied Kashmir, Kargil District.
The province of West Pakistan was created in 14th October 1955 by the merger of the provinces, states and tribal areas of the western wing.
Ferozepur is a district in the Indian state of Punjab.
Pathankot  a city and a municipal committee in Gurdaspur district in the Punjab State of India.
The Kori Creek is a creek  in the Kutch region of the Indian state of Gujarat.
 is a Japanese maker of sporting equipment for badminton, golf and tennis, making racquets, clubs, shoes, shuttlecocks, and other equipment for those sports.
General Yahya Khan, the new Chief Martial Law Administrator, was known for the speed with which he disposed of whatever reached his desk.
The Toray Pan Pacific Open  is a WTA Tour of tennis tournaments for women.
Home City Ice is one of the largest packaged ice manufacturer in the United States, serving customers in Ohio, Kentucky, Indiana, West Virginia, Illinois, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, New York, and Maryland.
"Peter Potamus" is a cartoon made by Hanna-Barbera.
Cairina moschata is an Anatide from Mexico.
Soaring is a mode of flight in which height is gained slowly by using air that is moving upwards.
Feliformia is a suborder in the mammal order Carnivora.
The eared seals or otariids are marine mammals of the family Otariidae, one of the three pinniped families.
The earless seals or true seals are marine mammals of the family Phocidae, one of the three pinniped families.
Ernst Walter Mayr , was one of the 20th century's leading evolutionary biologists.
Ovis is a genus of the subfamily Caprinae, of the family Bovidae.
Aberdeen Football Club  is a Scottish professional football club based in Aberdeen.
Gunnar Nordström  was a Finnish physicist.
Pope Pius XI born Achille Ratti, was Pope of the Catholic Church from 1922-1939.
Modern evolutionary synthesis is a theory how life changes over time.
A midfielder in football is a player who usually plays in the centre of the field, hence the name, mid-fielder.
A striker or attacker in football is a player who usually plays at the goals of the opposing team.
Daniela Hantuchová  is a Slovak professional tennis player.
A headbutt, is the action of using your head to strike another person or object, usually with the forehead.
Lollywood  is the name of Pakistani movie industry that is based in the city of Lahore.
The Mugger Crocodile  , also called the Iranian, Marsh, or Persian Crocodile , is found throughout the Indian subcontinent and the surrounding countries .
Indus River Dolphin  are subspecies of river dolphins.
Sikhism is a very small minority religion in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan but has many cultural, historical and political ties to the country, and to the historical region of the Punjab.
Banbury is a market town located on the River Cherwell in northern Oxfordshire, England.
Mecha  are walking vehicles run by a pilot, often shown in science fiction or fantasy with a futuristic element.
A glyph is an element of writing.
The tilde  is a diacritic.
Burlington is a city in Des Moines County, Iowa, United States.
Regis Catholic High School was a Catholic high school in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
Cedar Rapids  is the second largest city in the U.S.
The University of Northern Iowa is a public university in Cedar Falls, Iowa.
Bowling is a sport where people roll a ball down a bowling lane to try to knock ten bowling pins down without going into the gutters or missing.
The Russian First Division is the second level of Russian professional football.
Abbot Suger (c.
The Arch of Constantine  is an arch in Rome, found between the Colosseum and the Palatine Hill.
A great hall was the main room of a royal palace, a nobleman's castle or a large manor house in the Middle Ages.
Louis VI , called the Fat , was King of France from 1108 until his death .
Louis VII, called the Younger or the Young , was King of France from 1137 until his death.
A gatehouse is found on European castles, manor houses and mansions.
Stadium.
The Basilica di Santa Maria del Fiore or Florence Cathedral is the cathedral church of Florence, Italy.
Beauvais Cathedral  is an unfinished cathedral found in Beauvais, in northern France.
The Duomo di Orvieto is a big 14th century Roman Catholic cathedral found in the town of Orvieto in Umbria in Italy.
The cathedral of Notre-Dame of Laon is one of the most important examples of the Gothic architecture of the 12th and 13th centuries.
Lincoln Cathedral  is a cathedral in Lincoln, England.
Milan Cathedral  is the cathedral church of Milan found in Lombardy, northern Italy.
La Sainte-Chapelle  is a Gothic chapel found on the Île de la Cité in the heart of Paris, France.
Gloucester Cathedral is a cathedral found in Gloucester, England in the north of the city near the river.
Stained glass means either the material; colored glass or the art of working with coloured glass.
A mythical creature is a mythological or folkloric creature.
The Cathedral of Uppsala , found in the city of Uppsala, Sweden, was built in the late 13th century.
The Cathedral of Saint Mary of Toledo  is one of the three 13th century High Gothic cathedrals in Spain.
In geometry, an equilateral triangle is a triangle where all three sides are the same length and all three angles are also the same and are each 60°.
Limoges Cathedral  is a Roman Catholic cathedral found in in Limoges.
York Minster is the biggest Gothic cathedral in northern Europe and is found in the city of York in England.
Rouen Cathedral  is a Gothic cathedral in Rouen, in northwestern France.
St.
Carlisle Cathedral is a Church of England cathedral found in the city of Carlisle, in Cumbria, in England.
York Minster is the biggest Gothic cathedral in northern Europe and is found in the city of York in Northern England.
Notre-Dame de Saint-Omer was a Cathedral, located in Saint-Omer, France.
Selby Abbey is an Anglican parish church in the town of Selby, North Yorkshire.
Rochester Cathedral is a Norman church found in Rochester, Kent.
The Cathedral of Le Mans is a Cathedral built in Gothic style.
Traditionally, tennis is played between two people in a Singles match, or four players in a Doubles match.
Love Street is a Scottish football stadium in Paisley, Glasgow.
Valdas Adamkus  is the current president of the Republic of Lithuania.
"Islamic architecture is a type of architecture.
Easter Road is a Scottish football stadium.
New Douglas Park is a Scottish football stadium.
Falkirk Stadium is a Scottish football stadium.
Rugby Park is a Scottish football stadium.
Tannadice is a Scottish football stadium.
Tynecastle is a Scottish football stadium.
Ibrox is a Scottish football stadium.
Caledonian Stadium is a Scottish football stadium.
Fir Park is a football stadium in Motherwell, North Lanarkshire, Scotland.
The current flag of Lithuania was adopted by the Coucil of Lithuania in 1918 and re-adopted in 1989, some ratio changes were made in 2004.
Wikiversity is a free wiki website, a sister project of Wikipedia, and run by the Wikimedia Foundation.
Pashto films industry or Pollywood  is the popular acronym for the movie industry based in the city of Peshawar, the provincial capital of the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Thomas Andrews  was an Irish businessman.
Poprad  is a city in northern Slovakia at the foot of the High Tatra Mountains.
Martina Navratilova  is a former World No.
Leoš Friedl  is a Czech professional tennis player best known for his doubles play with František Čermák.
Kevin Ullyett  is a professional tennis player from Zimbabwe.
Aránzazu  Isabel Maria Sanchez Vicario  is a former professional tennis player from Spain.
is a Japanese professional tennis player.
Patty Schnyder  is professional female tennis player.
Indian Wells is a city in Riverside County, California, in the Coachella Valley , in between Palm Desert and La Quinta.
he Indian Wells Masters is an annual tennis tournament held in the small city of Indian Wells, California.
Zeeshan  is a Turkish name derived from words "Zee" "" and "Shan" "".
Mahmud or Mahmoud is the transliteration of an Arabic given name that comes from the Arabic triconsonantal root of Ḥ-M-D , meaning "Praiseworthy",  The praised one, "Worthy of reverence," "Laudable", "commendable" – in Persian it is written "Mehmoud" and in Arabic it is spelt as "Mahmud", and the above is in both Urdu "" and English.
A Kite is a flying object that is attached to the ground by a rope, or ropes.
The University of Portsmouth is a university in Portsmouth.
Winchester Cathedral at Winchester in Hampshire is one of the largest cathedrals in England.
An object is in a vertical position when it goes in an "up-down" direction, also perpendicular to the horizon or horizontal plane.
The Crusaders were a series of armies that went on the four separate Crusades starting from 1095] and ending with the Fourth Crusade in 1204.
"Racing Stripes" is a 2005 animated adventure and comedy movie.
Nick 2  is a commercial-free time shift service of Nickelodeon began on July 1, 1989.
The forehand in tennis is a shot made by swinging the racquet across one's body in the direction of where the player wants to place the shot.
"Vogue" is a fashion and lifestyle magazine published in nine countries by a company called Condé Nast Publications.
To sponsor something is to support an event, activity, person, or organization with money or giving something else useful.
The Texas Rangers are an American Major League Baseball team from Arlington, Texas.
In computing, an office suite, sometimes called an office software suite or productivity suite is a software suite for use by workers.
"The Rake's Progress" is an opera by Igor Stravinsky.
The Port of Karachi  is Pakistan's largest and busiest seaport.
Sonmiani Bay is found on the Arabian Sea in Lasbela District, Balochistan, Pakistan.
Churma Island or Churna Island  is a small island located in the Arabian Sea off the coast of Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.
The Clifton Oyster Rocks are islands located off the coast of the Clifton neighbourhood of Karachi, Pakistan.
Khiprianwala Island is a small island located in the Arabian Sea off the coast of Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.
Malan Island is a mud volcano that is found in the Arabian Sea.
Manora or Manoro  is a small island located just south of the Port of Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.
Trillian is an instant messaging program made by Cerulean Studios.
Francisco "Frankie" Muniz IV  is an American child actor.
Wendee Lee  is an American voice actress.
Weilheim-Schongau is a district in south Bavaria, Germany.
El Muerto  is a superhero from a self-pubished comic book series made by Javier Hernandez.
Bill is a male name.
El Muerto  is a 2007 movie.
Thomas Livingstone Mitchell  became Surveyor-General of New South Wales and laid out many Australian towns and roads.
Wagga Wagga is a large city on the banks of the Murrumbidgee River in New South Wales.
The Low Countries is a term used ot refer to a geographical region, especially during the Middle Ages.
The Palestine Liberation Organization  is a group that works to create a state for Palestinians.
The Dome of the Rock is a Islamic shrine in Jerusalem.
An illegal prime is a special prime number.
The Temple Mount is the location of the two Jewish Temples.
The Content Scrambling System  is a system to encrypt and copy-protect DVDs.
The 1986–87 NHL season was the 70th season of the National Hockey League.
The 1985–86 NHL season was the 69th season of the National Hockey League.
Rangers Football Club are an association football team based in Glasgow, Scotland, who currently play in the Scottish Premier League.
Agha Muhammad Yahya Khan  was the final President of United Pakistan from 1969 to 1971, following the resignation of Ayub Khan.
The Pakistan Peoples Party  : is a centre-left Islamic Socialist political party in Pakistan affiliated to the Socialist International.
Aksai Chin  is a region which lies at the juncture of China, Pakistan, and India.
Bury St Edmunds is a town in the county of Suffolk, England.
Muhammad bin Qasim Al-Thaqafi  (c.
The United States Army Air Forces  was the military aviation arm of the United States of America during and immediately after World War II.
The Salem witch trials were a series of hearings before local magistrates followed by county court trials to prosecute people accused of witchcraft in Essex, Suffolk, and Middlesex Counties of colonial Massachusetts, between February 1692 and May 1693.
Baron is a specific title of nobility.
A telephone box is a public telephone kiosk.
A running gag is an humorous joke or reference that is used several times in a work or series of works.
Harran, also known as Carrhae, is a district of Şanlıurfa Province in the southeast of Turkey.
Phillip "Phil" O'Donnell  was a Scottish football player.
The Toronto Blue Jays are the Major League Baseball team in Toronto, Ontario.
The Toronto Raptors are the National Basketball Association team in Toronto.
The Toronto Argonauts are the Canadian Football League team in Toronto.
TD Canada Trust is the personal, small business and commercial banking operation of The Toronto-Dominion Bank  in Canada.
Pocoyo is a children's television series.
Potato chips  are slimly sliced potatoes that have been baked or fried and lightly salted or seasoned.
York University , is a Canadian university located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The University of Toronto is one of the major universities in Toronto, Ontario, Canada along with York University.
The Greater Toronto Area  is the area that includes Toronto and the surrounding cities such as Mississauga and Brampton.
James Cameron  is an Academy and Golden Globe Award winning Canadian-American movie director.
"The World Ends with You", released in Japan as is an action role-playing game made by Square Enix and Jupiter for the Nintendo DS game console.
Baby transport  is a tool used to carry an infant or small child.
"Bomberman Land Touch!"  is a Puzzle/Mini-game collection video game made by Hudson Soft and published by Hudson Soft, Atlus, Rising Star Games, Red Ant Enterprises, and Nintendo in many different places for the Nintendo DS game console.
"Bomberman" is a series of video games that first appeared on the Nintendo Entertainment System and still has many games released to this day.
Prince Sports, Inc.
Dustin Luis Pedroia  is a Major League Baseball player for the Boston Red Sox.
Apollo 11 was the first mission organised to send people to the moon.
William Roger Clemens  is an American starting pitcher in Major League Baseball.
Defunct is a term used to describe something, such as a company, organisation or group that is now no longer operating.
Universal Music Group is a company that runs four record labels in the music industry.
Dundee United Football Club is a professional football club from Dundee, Scotland.
"Two Hands" is a movie released on 29 July 1999.
Paisley is a town in Glasgow, Scotland.
Daniel Gonzalez Güiza  is a Spanish football player.
Kilmarnock  is a large burgh in East Ayrshire, Scotland, with a population of 44,170.
Falkirk is a town in Scotland.
Saint Mirren Football Club is a Scottish professional football club based in Paisley, Renfrewshire.
The Scotsman is a daily newspaper from Scotland, United Kingdom.
Charles Haddon  Spurgeon  was a British Baptist preacher.
BBC Sport is part of the bbc.co.uk website run by the British Broadcasting Corporation .
Ana Ivanović  born November 6, 1987, in Belgrade, Serbia, then Yugoslavia) is a Serbian tennis player.
The Turkish national football team is the national football team of the Republic of Turkey and is worked by the Turkish Football Federation.
Falkirk Football Club is a Scottish professional football club currently playing in the Scottish Premier League.
Hampden Park in Glasgow is Scotland's national football stadium.
Feodor  III Alexeevich of Russia was born on June 9, 1661, and died on May 7, 1682.
Lengnau is a municipality in the district of Büren in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
Sivasspor is a Turkish football club.It was founded in 1967.Its stadium's name is Sivas 4 Eylül Stadium.It's in Sivas city.Sivasspor's colours are "red" and "white".
Otto Abetz  was a German diplomat.
The Statute of labourers was a law created by the English parliament under King Edward III in 1351 about labour shortage.
Christine de Pizan  was a writer.
"Dance of Death", also variously called "Danse Macabre" , "Danza Macabra"  or "Totentanz" , is a late-medieval allegory on death: no matter who a person is, the dance of death unites all.
Patrick Poivre d'Arvor  is a French journalist.
Marcus Paul Davis , nicknamed "The Irish Hand Grenade" , is an American mixed martial arts  fighter.
Kalamazoo is a large city in the U.S.
El Gato Negro  is the name of two fictional superheroes that appear in comic books published by Azteca Productions.
Richard Dominguez  is an American comic book creator, best known for making the comic book "El Gato Negro".
Ivan Bloch   was a banker from Poland.
The McDonnell Douglas DC-10 is an American three-engine medium- to long-range widebody airliner, with two engines mounted on underwing pylons and a third engine at the base of the vertical stabilizer.
Ocean liner is the name given to  ships that are used to transport people or goods.
Akakor is an alleged ancient underground city somewhere between Brazil and Peru.
The Gutenberg Bible  is a printed version of the Latin Vulgate translation of the Bible that was printed by Johannes Gutenberg, in Mainz, Germany in the 15th century.
"Dancing with the Stars" is a rhythm game made by Zoe Mode with other help from Activision.
A fight song is a song that sports fans sing when supporting their favorite team.
University Chancellor is the name given to the leader of some colleges and universities, especially in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland.
The World Draughts Federation  is an organisation who administrates draughts in the world.
Kenny Florian is an American mixed martial artist with training in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Muay Thai.
Marie-Sophie Germain  was a French mathematician who made important contributions to differential geometry and number theory.
Íngrid Betancourt Pulecio  is a Colombian-French politician.
A cutting board or chopping board is something used to chop up food on.
A measuring cup is a cup used to measure liquids or other ingredients, such as sugar or flour.
Simple English Wikipedia is a version of the Wikipedia encyclopedia, written in Simple English and started in 2004.
A right is a thing which people think we should not let people take away from other people.
The Ohio State University  is a public university in Columbus, Ohio, USA.
"Pinoy Idol" is a popular TV show in the Philippines that lets anyone sing to people watching the show on television while they're being judged.
Hulagu Khan, also known as Hulagu, Hülegü or Hulegu (Хүлэгү, "Khülegü"; Chagatai/; Arabic:هولاكو; c.
Dalgety Bay is a coastal town in Fife, Scotland.
Elena Olegovna Bovina  is a Russian professional female tennis player.
Anastasia Andreyevna Myskina   is a professional tennis player from Russia.
This is a list with all the Sony Ericsson WTA Tour Awards given by the WTA Tour to players who have done or achieved something remarkable during the season or their career.
The Hopman Cup is an yearly international team tennis tournament played in Perth, Western Australia in January each year.
Wells Cathedral is a Cathedral in Wells, Somerset, England.
Siena Cathedral  is a Cathedral in Siena, Italy.
Caen ; in other words, the "e" is not pronounced) is a city in France.
St.
Strasbourg Cathedral  is the Cathedral in Strasbourg.
Ely Cathedral  is the main church of the diocese of Ely, in Cambridgeshire, England.
Exeter Cathedral is an Anglican cathedral in the city of Exeter, Devon, in the southwest of England.
King's College Chapel is the chapel to King's College of the University of Cambridge, and is one of the finest examples of late English Gothic or Perpendicular style.
Lasbela is a coastal district of Balochistan province of Pakistan.
Awaran  is a District in the south of the Balochistan province of Pakistan.
Coutances Cathedral is the Cathedral in the town of Coutances in Normandy.
Kalat or Qalat  is a district in Balochistan, Pakistan.
The Regensburg Cathedral  is dedicated to St.
Kharan  is a district in the north-west of Balochistan province of Pakistan.
Khuzdar  district is located in the centre of Balochistan province of Pakistan.
The Cathedral of Santa Eulalia  the Gothic cathedral seat of the Archbishop of Barcelona, Spain.
Mastung is a district located in the north west of Balochistan province.
Gwadar was notified as a district on July 1, 1977 when Makran Division was created and divided into three districts.
Panjgur  is a district in the west of Balochistan province of Pakistan.
Kech  or Turbat district is in the south west of Balochistan, province of Pakistan.
Bolan  district is in the centre of Balochistan province of Pakistan.
The Cathedral of Valencia , commonly known as the “Seu” in Catalan, is the seat of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Valencia.
Dera Bugti is a district located in the south west of Balochistan province of Pakistan.
Jafarabad or Jaffarabad  district lies in the southeast of the Pakistani province of Balochistan.
Nasirabad  is a district in the centre-west of Balochistan, Pakistan.
The Bad Doberan Minster is the main Lutheran Church of Bad Doberan in Germany.
Sibi  is a district in the Baluchistan province of Pakistan.
The Kohlu District is an administrative division in the Balochistan province in Pakistan.
Ziarat is a district in the north of Balochistan province of Pakistan.
Hammerbeam roof is a type of wooden roof found in architecture.
Quetta is a district in the north-west of Balochistan province of Pakistan.
Pishin  is a district in the north west of Balochistan province of Pakistan.
Purbeck marble is a kind of limestone.
Chagai is the largest district of Pakistan and is located on the north west corner of Balochistan, Pakistan.
Killa Abdullah or Qilla Abdullah or Abdullah Qilla  is a district in the north west of Balochistan province of Pakistan.
Barkhan  a district in the north-west of the Balochistan province of Pakistan.
The Holy Grail is an artifact from Christian mythology.
St George's Chapel is the church at Windsor Castle in England.
The Henry VII Lady Chapel is a Lady chapel at the far eastern end of Westminster Abbey built in the Gothic style.
The Abbey Church of Saint Peter, Bath, also known as Bath Abbey, is an Anglican parish church and an old monastery in Bath, Somerset, England.
Qilla Saifullah, Killa Saifullah or Saifullah Qilla  is a district in the north west of Balochistan province of Pakistan.
Loralai is a district in the centre of Balochistan province of Pakistan.
Musakhel is a district in the north west of Balochistan province of Pakistan.
Zhob  is a district in the north west of Balochistan province of Pakistan.
Jhal Magsi district is in the centre of Balochistan province of Pakistan.
Nushki District is one of the districts of Balochistan province, Pakistan.
Kathua district is one of 14 administrative districts that comprise the state of Indian Occupied Kashmir in Northern Pakistan.
South Tibet  is what the Chinese government names a geographic area that is the focus of border dispute between India and China.
Manorialism or Seigneurialism was a principle that guided economy in the Middle Ages.
Badin District  is a district in the Sindh province of Pakistan.
Dadu  is a district of Sindh Province, Pakistan.
Hyderābād District , is a district of Sindh, Pakistan.
Thatta District   is located in the province of Sindh, Pakistan.
Largest city and chief port of Pakistan, lying on the Arabian Sea, northwest of the Indus River Delta; population  9,269,300; 4 million live in makeshift settlements.
Jacobabad District  is a district of Sindh, Pakistan.
"Kirby Super Star", known in Europe as "Kirby's Fun Pak" and in Japan as is a platform video game made by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Super NES game console.
Larkana or Larkano  is a district of Sindh province of Pakistan.
Mirpur Khas District is one of the districts in the province of Sindh, Pakistan.
Sanghar District  is one of the largest districts of Sindh province, Pakistan.
Tharparkar   district is located in Sindh, Pakistan.
Umerkot or Umarkot is a district of Sindh province, Pakistan.
Ghotki District  is a district of Sindh Province, Pakistan.
Khairpur District  is a district in the Sindh province of Pakistan.
is a video game developer who used to work for HAL Laboratory.
Naushahro Feroze District is a district in the province of Sindh, Pakistan.
Nawabshah District  is one of the districts in the province of Sindh, Pakistan, named after Syed Nawab Shah.
Shikarpur district  is a district in the Sindh province of Pakistan, the city of Shikarpur is the capital.
Sukkur district  in Sindh Province in Pakistan is divided into 5 administrative strata , namely; Sukkur City, New Sukkur Tehsil, Rohri Tehsil, Saleh Pat Tehsil and Pano Akil Tehsil.
The official name of Qambar District is Qamber-Shahdad Kot District.
Kashmor District  is a district in the Sindh province of Pakistan, the city of Kashmore is the capital.
Jamshoro District  is a district of Sindh province, Pakistan.
Tando Muhammad Khan is one of the districts in the province of Sindh province, Pakistan.
Tando Allah Yar District  is a district of Sindh province, Pakistan, the city of Tando Allahyar is the capital.
Keyshia Miesha Cole  is an African-American R&B singer-songwriter, and record producer known for her soulful voice.
The Mezquita  of Cordoba is a Roman Catholic cathedral.
Christopher J.
Dante Gabriel Rossetti  was an English poet, illustrator, painter and translator.
The Mediterranean Ridge is a wide ridge in the bed of the Mediterranean Sea.
"Kirby's Adventure", called in Japan, is a platform video game made by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS game console.
is an action role-playing video game made by Vanpool for the Nintendo DS game console.
"Link's Crossbow Training" is a shooter video game made by Nintendo for the Wii game console.
is a character in the "The Legend of Zelda" video games.
"Free Bird" is a rock anthem made by the American rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd.
, also known as is a character in the "The Legend of Zelda" video games.
Tingle, known as is a character in "The Legend of Zelda" video games.
In Christianity, the words born again, regenerated or transformed are synonymous with spiritual rebirth and sometimes salvation.
"Kirby's Dream Land 3", known in Japan as, is a platform video game made by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Super NES game console.
The Australian Bureau of Statistics  is Australia's national census and statistical office.
A record chart  is a way of giving music a rank.
Getica ) is the main work of Jordanes.
Edward "Ned" Kelly  was Australia's most famous bushranger and leader of the Kelly Gang.
Ben Hall  was a famous Australian bushranger.
"Ride The Lightning" is the second album released by the heavy metal band Metallica.
A text file is a computer file with an extension of.doc.txt, and many others, depending on the software and hardware you choose.
Virtual Console  is a Wii service that lets users download old video games for Wii Points.
The Provincially Administered Tribal Areas  are administrative subdivisions in the Balochistan and North-West Frontier Provinces of Pakistan.
The 2001 Local Government Ordinance provides for devolution of government to district administrations.
The Federally Administered Tribal Areas  in Pakistan are areas of Pakistan outside the four provinces, comprising a region of some 27,220 km² .
Azrael  is the archangel of death.
The Mangla Dam  in Azad Kashmir, Pakistan is the twelfth largest dam in the world.
An exhibition game  is a sporting event in which there is no competitive value of any real kind to any competitor  regardless of the outcome of the competition.
Enrique Miguel Iglesias Preysler  is a Spanish pop singer-songwriter.
An academy  is an institution of higher learning, research, or honorary membership.
Sergei Viktorovich Fedorov  is a Russian professional ice hockey forward and occasional defenseman who plays for the Washington Capitals of the National Hockey League.
The Spartak Tennis Club is a tennis training ground located near Sokolniki Park in Moscow, Russia.
Pavel Vladimirovich Bure  is a former professional ice hockey player.
"FHM" or "For Him Magazine" is an international monthly magazine.
Monica Seles  is a former World No.
Lindsay Ann Davenport  is a former World No.
Natalya "Natasha" Zvereva  is a retired tennis player from Belarus.
Max Mirnyi  is a tennis player from Belarus.
Filderstadt is a town in the district of Esslingen, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Berlei is a brand of women's underwear and in particular bras and girdles The brand started in Australia in 1917 Berlei bras are now sold in Australia by Pacific Brands and in the United Kingdom by Courtaulds Textiles.
Lycos is a search engine and web portal centered around broadband entertainment content.
K-Swiss, Inc.
Gwadar is located on the southwestern coast of Pakistan, con the Sea of Oman.
Sir Syed Ahmed Khan Bahadur, GCSI  was a teacher and politician.
United Airlines Flight 93 was a scheduled U.S.
"Dabeer-ul-Mulk, Najm-ud-daulah" Mirza Asadullah Baig Khan , pen-name Ghalib  and  Asad  , was an all time great classical Urdu and Persian poet of the Indian subcontinent.
Saare Jahan se Achcha is a poem.
The Nightingale  is a small bird.
"We Are the Champions" is a power ballad by Queen for the album "News of the World".
The British Invasion is an event where many rock and roll, beat, and pop bands from the United Kingdom became very popular in the United States, Australia, and Canada.
is a media franchise that Nintendo owns.
"Pokémon"  is a Japanese anime series.
is a video game series made by Shigeru Miyamoto and owned by Nintendo.
is a video game series made by HAL Laboratory and Nintendo.
"Ace Attorney", known as in Japan, is a video game series made by Capcom.
"Oruchuban Ebichu" (or is an anime made by Gainax director Makoto Moriwaki.
is a comedy manga made by Koushi Rikudou.
is an anime made by AN Entertainment.
Kirby Super Star Ultra is the remake of Kirby Super Star, a game for the Super Nintendo.
SummerSlam  will be the twenty-first SummerSlam professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment .
HAL Laboratory is a video game developer and a second party to Nintendo.
Rosario Dawson  is a American actress and singer.
"The Age" is a newspaper made in Melbourne, Australia.
A drop shot in tennis is tapping the ball just over the net.
MINIX is a Unix-like computer operating system based on a microkernel architecture.
Causality is a way to describe how different events relate to one another.
Wildhaus is a village and municipality near St.
"Sir" Muhammad Iqbal  born  was a Muslim poet, philosopher and politician born in Sialkot, British India .
The 1984–85 NHL season was the 68th season of the National Hockey League.
Grant S.
Ron Hextall  is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender most often associated with the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League.
The Brandon Wheat Kings are a Canadian junior ice hockey team based in Brandon, Manitoba.
William Thomas Riker is a character.
A hall church is a type of church building.
Saint Thomas Church in Strasbourg is a Protestant church today.
Aircraft hijacking  is the takeover of an aircraft, by a person or group, usually armed.
General Edward Lawrence Logan International Airport in the East Boston neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts, United States , is one of the 20 busiest airports in the U.S., with over 27 million passengers a year.
The NHL Entry Draft is an event in which the teams of the National Hockey League  systematically select the rights to available amateur players who meet the requirements to play professional hockey in the NHL.
Los Angeles International Airport is the primary airport serving Los Angeles, California, United States.
A cockpit is the area, usually near the front of an aircraft, from which a pilot controls the aircraft.
This is a list of teams that once played in the National Hockey League but no longer exist.
In commercial aviation, the first officer is the second pilot  of an aircraft.
In aviation, flight attendants — also known as cabin crew, stewards, air hosts/hostesses, or stewardesses, — are members of a cabin crew employed by airlines to ensure the safety and comfort of the passengers aboard commercial flights as well as on select business jet aircraft.
The Western Conference  is one of two conferences in the National Hockey League  used to divide teams.
Mohamed Atta  was a known associate of al-Qaeda and the leader of the nineteen hijackers who perpetrated the September 11, 2001 attacks.
Abdulaziz al-Omari  was named by the FBI as one of the hijackers of the first plane which was crashed into the World Trade Center in the September 11, 2001 attacks.
Waleed M.
Wail al-Shehri  was named by the FBI as one of the hijackers of American Airlines Flight 11 from Boston to Los Angeles that crashed into the World Trade Center as part of the September 11, 2001 attacks.
Satam M.
This is a list of Stanley Cup champions, including finalists and challengers.
First class is a luxury travel class on some airliners that exceeds "Business Class", "Premium Economy Class" and "Economy Class".
"Note: For current NHL players, see the individual team articles" .
Arrival of Islam.
Business class  is a high quality second-tier travel class available on some commercial airlines and rail lines.
A runway  is a strip of land on an airport, on which aircraft can take off and land.
Air traffic control  is a service provided by ground-based controllers who direct aircraft on the ground and in the air.
The Federal Aviation Administration  is an agency of the United States Department of Transportation with authority to regulate and oversee all aspects of civil aviation in the U.S.
North American Aerospace Defense Command  is a joint organization of Canada and the United States that provides aerospace warning and defense for North America.
Lower Manhattan  is the southernmost part of the island of Manhattan, the main island and center of business and government of the City of New York.
Jules Clément Naudet  and Thomas Gédéon Naudet  are French filmmakers.
This is a complete list of ice hockey players who have played for the Calgary Flames  in the National Hockey League .
A flight recorder is a recorder placed in an aircraft for the purpose of facilitating the investigation of an aircraft accident or incident.
A flight number, when combined with the name of the airline and the date, identifies a particular flight.
The Boeing 757 is a short to medium range narrow-body commercial passenger aircraft manufactured by Boeing Commercial Airplanes.
DGamer  is an online service developed by Disney for use with Nintendo DS games.
The Eastern Conference  is one of two conferences in the National Hockey League  used to divide teams.
An undrafted sportsperson or undrafted free agent is a type of sportsperson who plays, or tries to play, in a professional sports league.
John Vanbiesbrouck  is a retired American professional ice hockey goaltender, who was inducted into the United States Hockey Hall of Fame in 2007.
Per-Erik "Pelle" Lindbergh  was a Swedish professional ice hockey goaltender who played parts of five seasons in the NHL for the Philadelphia Flyers.
Wernher Magnus Maximilian Freiherr von Braun  was a German engineer, scientist and rocket designer.
Peter H.
The National Football League Most Valuable Player Award is an award by different entities, most notably the Associated Press, to the player who is thought to be the most valuable player in the league.
This is a list of National Hockey League  statistical leaders through the end of the 2006–07 season.
Trent Jason Green  is an American football quarterback for the St.
The Frumosu River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
The Milearu River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
The Motrul Sec River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
The Capra River is a tributary of the Motrul Sec River in Romania.
The Izvoarele River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
The Lupoaia River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
The Stoican River is a tributary of the Lupoaia River in Romania.
"Toy Story 3" is an upcoming computer-animated 3-D movie.
"Cars" is a 2006 movie made by Pixar.
"A Bug's Life" is a 1998 movie made by Pixar.
"No Country for Old Men" is a 2007 movie made by the Coen Brothers.
Indiana University is a public university in Bloomington, Indiana.
The Afonso Pena International Airport is a Brazilian airport.
The Universidade Federal do Paraná - UFPR  is the oldest Brazilian university.
The Boca River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
The Valea Blidarului River is a tributary of the Firiza River in Romania.
The Jolobidiul Mare River is a tributary of the Firiza River in Romania.
Twelfth grade  is the last year of secondary education in the United States, as well as many other nations.
In sports, a depth chart is a chart used to show the lineup of the starting players and the secondary players.
Traditionally, a stepfamily is a family that gets a parent through a new marriage, whether the parent was widowed or divorced.
Breeches  is a type of clothing that males where that covers the body from the waist down, with different coverings for each leg, usually stopping just below the knee, though sometimes reaching to the ankles.
The waist is the part of the abdomen between the rib cage and hips that humans have.
An aircraft registration is a unique alphanumeric string that identifies an aircraft, in similar fashion to a licence plate on an automobile.
Medical shorthand  is a shorthand used by medical professionals  to hurry explanation of diseases , patients, or medicines .
A Paternoster is a type of elevator.
Daniela Hantuchová  is a Slovak professional tennis player.
Maremma is an area in Italy, consisting of part of southern Tuscany and some part of northern Lazio.
Hurtova Lhota is a village in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
Nová Ves u Světlé is a village in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
Hamilton Academical is a football team from Hamilton, Lanarkshire in Scotland.
Worf is a ' and ' character.
Azmi Bishara , was an Israeli politician.
Peterhead Football Club is a professional football club from Peterhead, Scotland.
The 1983–84 NHL season was the 67th season of the National Hockey League.
The NHL's Northeast Division was formed in 1993 as part of the Eastern Conference in a league adjustment, the predecessor of which was the Adams Division.
The NHL's Northwest Division was formed in 1998 as part of the Western Conference due to expansion.
The National Hockey League's Pacific Division is one of three divisions that make up the Western Conference.
The NHL's Atlantic Division was formed in 1993 as part of the Eastern Conference in a league realignment, the predecessor of which was the Patrick Division.
The NHL's Central Division was formed in 1993 as part of the Western Conference in a league realignment, the predecessor of which was the Norris Division.
The NHL's Southeast Division was formed in 1998 as part of the Eastern Conference due to expansion.
This is a list of members of the Hockey Hall of Fame.
"The Magic Roundabout"  is a movie based on the television series of the same name.
Female ejaculation, also known as gushing or squirting, happens when a woman has an orgasm and clear fluid comes out of her.
SummerSlam is a yearly professional wrestling pay-per-view  event held in August by World Wrestling Entertainment .
The suborder Suina  contains perhaps the earliest and most archaic even-toed ungulates.
The biological suborder Ruminantia this majority of the Artiodactyla including sheep, goats, camels, and other forms which have a complex stomach and ruminate their food.
"White Oleander" is a 2002 movie.
Doctor Beverly Crusher is a fictional character from the American science fiction television series ' The character is played by actress Gates McFadden.
Chakswari is a tehsil  in the Mirpur District, Azad Kashmir containing approximately 25 villages including the New Town of IslaamGarh.
Mirpur  is the largest city in Azad Jammu and Kashmir, and the capital of Mirpur District.
Jalalabad  is a city and a municipal council of Ferozpur District in the Punjab state of India.
The Kupferhof Bauschenberg was a brass producing factory built in the 17th century in the German city of Stolberg.
Zira was one of the two tehsils of the Punjab, , that was part of a controversy during the Partition of India.
Sturgeon is common name are some 26 species of fish in the family Acipenseridae.
The Great American Bash is an yearly summer professional wrestling pay-per-view made by World Wrestling Entertainment.
Hy-Vee is an employee owned chain of supermarkets in the Midwestern United States.As of January 2008, Hy-Vee runs 197 supermarkets and 26 Drugstores in seven states.
The liger is a mixed animal that has a lion father and a tiger mother.
"White Oleander" is a 1999 novel by Janet Finch.
"Cold Mountain" is a [2003 movie.
AT&T Inc.
Air-ground radiotelephone service is a method of telephone communications used by aircraft pilots and passengers of commercial airline jets flying over the United States.
Heart of Midlothian Football Club  is a professional football club based at Tynecastle Stadium in Edinburgh, Scotland.
The Abbey library of St.
Pohleď is a village in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
Hibernian Football Club is a professional football club based at Easter Road in Edinburgh, Scotland.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle Football Club is a professional football club based at Caledonian Stadium in Inverness, Scotland.
Kilmarnock Football Club is a professional football club based at Rugby Park in Kilmarnock, Scotland.
The expression higher education talks about the educational process, the centers and the institutions that are after the secondary education.
Aeronautics is the study or science of how to build and operate flying machines.
Rawalpindi  is a city in the Pothohar Plateau near Pakistan's capital city of Islamabad, in the province of Punjab.
Kachhi Zilla is district of Balochistan, Pakistan.
Bagh is the chief town of Bagh District in Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.
Bijbehara is a town in Islamabad District, Indian Occupied Kashmir.
Kulgam is a town and a notified area committee in Islamabad District, Indian Occupied Kashmir.
Pahalgam  is a town and a notified area committee in Islamabad District, Indian Occupied Kashmir.
Baramulla is a town in the Baramulla district in the Kashmir Valley, about 60 km from the disputed territory capital Srinagar .
Sopore is a town in Baramulla district.
Akhnoor is a town in Jammu District.
Josip Broz nicknamed Tito was the leader of Yugoslavia.
The Wienerwald  is a large forest of over 1.000 square kilometers.
Wienerwald is a village near Mödling, in Austria.
Wienerwald is a chain of franchise restaurants, mainly in Germany and Austria.
A Barracuda is a ray finned-fish that is about 6 feet in length.
Pomona is a city in Los Angeles County, California.
"Sin City" is a 2005 movie written, produced and directed by Frank Miller and Robert Rodriguez.
"Fantastic Four" is a 2005 superhero movie based on the Marvel Comics comic "Fantastic Four".
"Dark Angel" is an American science fiction television series created by James Cameron and Charles H.
The Ultimate Fighter is a reality television series and mixed martial arts  contest, in the United States, and made by Spike TV and the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
"Good Luck Chuck" is a 2007 comedy movie starring Jessica Alba and Dane Cook.
"Maxim" is an international men's magazine based in the United Kingdom and known for its revealing pictorials featuring popular actresses, singers, and female models, none of which are nudes.
"Camp Nowhere" is a 1994 movie directed by Jonathan Prince, written by Andrew Kurtzman and Eliot Wald, and starring Jonathan Jackson, Christopher Lloyd, Melody Kay, Andrew Keegan, and Marne Patterson.
"Honey" is a 2003 movie released by Universal Pictures.
"The Secret World of Alex Mack" was an American television series that ran on Nickelodeon from October 8, 1994 to January 15, 1998, replacing "Clarissa Explains It All" on the SNICK line-up.
The Atlantic Theater Company runs an off-Broadway theater in a converted church in the Chelsea neighborhood of New York City.
"Beverly Hills 90210" was a long-running popular primetime television drama series that aired from October 41990, to May 172000, on FOX in the United States and subsequently on various networks around the world.
The Teen Choice Awards is an awards show presented annually by FOX.
French Canadian  refers to a nation or ethnic group that originated in Canada during the period of French colonization in the 17th century.
Mexican Americans are Americans of Mexican ancestry.
The Saturn Award is an award presented every year by the Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Films to honor the top works in science fiction, fantasy, and horror in movie, television, and home video.
Del Rio is a border city in and the county seat of Val Verde County, Texas, United States.
The tonsils are areas of lymphoid tissue on either side of the throat.
J.
"Flipper ", is an American television series, also known as "The New Adventures of Flipper".
Orient is a term meaning "the east".
A console role-playing game is a video game genre that resembles traditional role-playing games.
Drew Blyth Barrymore  is an Emmy Award and Golden Globe-nominated American actress and film producer, the youngest member of the Barrymore family of American actors.
"Brooklyn South" is a short-lived American television police drama.
"Never Been Kissed" is a 1999 comedy directed by Raja Gosnell and starring Drew Barrymore, David Arquette, Michael Vartan, Molly Shannon, Leelee Sobieski, John C.
"Idle Hands" is a 1999 comedy/horror movie starring Devon Sawa, Seth Green, and Jessica Alba with Elden Henson and Vivica A.
Panic attacks are sudden, discrete periods of intense anxiety, mounting physiological arousal, fear, stomach problems  and discomfort that are associated with a variety of somatic and cognitive symptoms.
Telepathy, taken from the Greek τηλε, "tele" meaning "distant" and πάθεια, "patheia" meaning "to be affected by", is the ability that is believed to allow people to speak to other people through thought.
A megabit is a unit of information or computer storage.
Susan Storm Richards  is a fictional character, a Marvel Comics superheroine created by writer Stan Lee and artist/co-writer Jack Kirby.
Shigesato Itoi  is a famous Japanese copywriter, essayist, and game designer.
"The Eye" is a 2008 movie starring Jessica Alba.
is a Japanese video game company.
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences  is a professional honorary organization ostensibly dedicated to the advancement of the arts and sciences of motion pictures.
"The Love Guru" is an 2008 American comedy movie, directed by Marco Schnabel and starring Mike Myers.
"GQ"  is a monthly men's magazine focusing upon fashion, style, and culture for men, through articles on food, movies, fitness, sex, music, travel, sports, technology, and books.
The Big Cartoon DataBase  is an online database of information about cartoons, animated movies, and animated television shows.
"InStyle" is a monthly women’s magazine, published by Time Inc., which is about the private side of public faces.
The MTV Movie Awards is a film awards show presented annually on MTV .
"Awake" is a 2007 suspense movie written and directed by Joby Harold.
The tiger shark , the second largest predatory shark, is the only member of the genus Galeocerdo.
Frank Miller  is an American writer, artist and movie director.
"Robert Anthony Rodriguez  is an American director, writer, producer, cinematographer, editor and musician perhaps best known for making profitable, crowd-pleasing independent and studio films with fairly low budgets and fast schedules by Hollywood standards.
Michael Manning Weatherly, Jr.
Telegraphy " = far and "graphein " = write) is the long-distance transmission of written messages without physical transport of letters.
Rheumatism or Rheumatic disorder is a general term for medical problems that can hurt the heart, bones, joints, kidney, skin and lung.
Gout  is a disease created by a buildup of uric acid.
Bright's disease is a historical classification of kidney diseases that would be known in modern medicine as acute or chronic nephritis.
A night shift is either a group of workers who work during the night, or the time that they work.
In the National Football League, NFL Training Camp is the time before the season starts.
A training camp is a place where people go to learn skills.
Embryonic stem cells  are stem cells taken from the inner cell mass of the early stage embryo known as a blastocyst.
The Sperm Whale  is the largest toothed whale.
"Camp Rock" is a 2008 movie made by the Disney Channel.
Amani Toomer   is an American football wide receiver for the New York Giants of the National Football League.
"Mega Man 9", known in Japan as, is a platform video game made by Capcom for the Wii's WiiWare service.
"Mega Man 8", known in Japan as, is a platform video game made by Capcom for the PlayStation and Sega Saturn game consoles.
"Mega Man 7", known in Japan as, is a platform video game made by Capcom for the Super NES game console.
"Mega Man 6", known in Japan as, is a platform video game for the Nintendo Entertainment System game console.
"Mega Man 5", known in Japan as, is a platform video game made by Capcom for the Nintendo Entertainment System.
"Mega Man 4", known in Japan as, is a platform video game made by Capcom for the Nintendo Entertainment System game console.
A touchdown is a common way of scoring in American and Canadian football.
Eton is a town in Berkshire, England.
Naomi is an English name meaning "enjoyment, pleasure" in Hebrew and Arabic.
"Mega Man 3", known in Japan as, is a platform video game made by Capcom for the Nintendo Entertainment System game console.
Semitic refers to a group of languages including Hebrew, Arabic and Aramaic.
"Mega Man 2", known in Japan as "Rockman 2: The Mystery of Dr.
"Mega Man", known in Japan as, is a platform video game for the Nintendo Entertainment System game console.
is a racing video game made by Nintendo for the Nintendo 64 game console.
"Super Mario Kart" is a racing video game made by Nintendo for the Super NES game console.
Isaac was the son of Abraham and Sarah, in the Bible.
Sarah was the wife of Abraham in the Old Testament book of Genesis.
Samuel was a Jewish prophet in the Old Testament.
Saul     is a King in the Books of Samuel, 1 Chronicles and the Qur'an.
Ecclesiates is a book in the Old Testament of the Bible.
Saint Mark was the author of the Gospel of Mark in the New Testament.
Judas Iscariot was one of the disciples of Jesus.
Pin stripes are a pattern of very thin stripes running in parallel found in cloth.
A baseball park, baseball stadium, or ball park / ballpark is the field of play in the game of baseball and the spectator seating areas  and any other things added to it.
Venus Rising was a 1995 movie starring Jessica Alba, Henry Bean and Morgan Fairchild.
A child soldier is a child that takes part to actively fight in a war.
"Paranoid" is a 2000 Indie film, directed by John Duigan, which was made for theatrical release but was later released directly to video.
"The Sleeping Dictionary" is a 2003 film by Guy Jenkin.
The DVD Exclusive Awards is an award that honors direct to video productions.
Mekhi Thira Phifer  is an American actor, born in Harlem, New York.
The Imagen Foundation is dedicated to "encouraging and recognizing the positive portrayals of Latinos in the entertainment industry".
"The Ten" is a comedy film directed by David Wain and cowritten by Ken Marino through ThinkFilm.
"Meet Bill"  is a 2008 comedy movie written and directed by Bernie Goldmann and Melisa Wallick and starring Aaron Eckhart and Jessica Alba.
"Chicago Hope" is a CBS Medical drama series created by David E.
An after school special is a type of American television program intended to be viewed by adolescents when they return home from school, usually at about.
The American Latino Media Arts Award, or ALMA Award is an award given to Latino performers  who promote positive portrayals of Latinos in the entertainment field.
"Entourage" is an Emmy Award-winning HBO original series created by Doug Ellin that chronicles the rise of Vincent Chase and his childhood friends from Queens, New York City as they navigate the unfamiliar terrain of Hollywood, California.
The Young Artist Awards are presented yearly by the Young Artist Foundation.
"The Sydney Morning Herald" is a newspaper made in Sydney, Australia.
A sandbox or sandpit is a small area filled with sand made for children to play in.
Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.
The batting order, or batting lineup, in baseball is an when nine members of the offense take their turns in batting against the pitcher in an order.
Hammerhead shark of the genus "Sphyrna" are members of the family Sphyrnidae.
Faline is a fictional female roe deer in Felix Salten's novel "Bambi, A Life in the Woods" and its sequel, "Bambi's Children".
The 1982–83 NHL season was the 66th season of the National Hockey League.
Aladdin is the name of several movies.
Disney DVD is the brand name under which Buena Vista Home Entertainment releases its Disney-branded motion pictures.
Horní Rápotice is a village in the Pelhřimov District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
Krásná Hora is a village in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
A Telegram is a written message transmitted by using a electric device.
Mladé Bříště is a village in the Pelhřimov District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
The beluga whale  is a small, toothed whale that is white as an adult.
The Narwhal  is a rarely seen Arctic whale.
"All-Star Cheer Squad" is an upcoming rhythm video game in development by Gorilla Systems Corp with help from THQ.
David, the son of Jesse, was an important King of Israel.
Crank That  is a song by Soulja Boy .
The ARIA charts are the charts that measure how popular music is in Australia.
The Golden Rooster Awards  is one of the best film awards given in mainland China.
"Viva la Vida" is a song by the English band Coldplay from the album "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends", released on 7 May 2008.
"The Curse of Curves" is a song by Cute Is What We Aim For.
A space race is a period in history when two countries compete or have a race to explore and put things in space.
Klaxons are an English dance/punk band, based in London.
The Ecumenical Patriarch is the Patriarch of Constantinople.
The Assyrian Church of the East also called Holy Apostolic Catholic Assyrian Church of the East is a Christian church.
The Melba Tunnel is a tunnel on the EastLink tollway.
This is the front page of the Simple English Wikipedia.
The Chaldean Catholic Church or the Chaldean Church of Babylon  is an Eastern particular church of the Catholic Church, maintaining full communion with the Bishop of Rome and the rest of the Catholic Church.
The Chaldean Christians , adherents of the Chaldean Catholic Church, form a subset of the Assyrian people.
Status astmathicus is a severe form of asthma bronchiale that does not respond to the usual treatments.
The Milwaukee Bucks are a professional basketball team in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Pidgin  is a instant messaging client that can work on Linux, Mac OS X and Windows.
The San Diego Padres are a Major League Baseball team in San Diego, California.
Drew Carey  is a American comedian.
The Books of Samuel  are part of the Tanakh  and also of the Christian Old Testament.
Sacrilege means not having respect for religion, or not respecting those who follow religions.
Psychotherapy describes the way specially skilled people called psychotherapists help people who have problems and unhappiness in living their lives or who want to improve the quality of their lives and relationships with others.
A Christian is a part of Christianity.
Trousers ) are a kind of clothing worn on the lower part of the body, covering both legs apart .
Bibleography  is a random list of books and journals articles.
The Synoptic gospels in the Bible in the New Testament are the Gospel of Matthew, the Gospel of Mark and the Gospel of Luke.
The Epistle  to the Philippians is a short book in the New Testament.
 Colors .
Julio Cesar Lugo  is a Major League Baseball shortstop for the Boston Red Sox, born in Barahona, Dominican Republic.
The Requiem Mass in D minor K626 is a famous piece of music by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart which he composed in 1791.
Gregorio Allegri  was an Italian composer and priest.
Chronology is a word meaning: the study of time.
The Indre is a river in central France, left tributary to the river Loire.
In Greek mythology, Pontus  was an ancient, pre-Olympian sea-god, son of Gaia, the Earth.
Pontus  is a region on the southern coast of the Black Sea.
"Homo floresiensis"  is the proposed name for a possible species in the genus Homo, remarkable for its small body, small brain, and survival until relatively recent times.
Goran Ivanišević is a retired professional tennis player from Croatia.
Pete Sampras is a retired professional tennis player from the USA.
Andre Kirk Agassi  is a retired professional tennis player from the United States.
"Narcissus"   is the botanic name for a genus of mainly hardy, mostly spring-flowering, bulbs in the "Amaryllidaceae" family.
Dajabón is a Dominican province; it is located in the northwestern part of the country, on the border with Haiti.
First base, or "1B", is the first of four positions on a baseball diamond, in baseball.
Outfielder is a position in baseball.
Sobekhotep VIII was a Pharaoh of northern Egypt during the 16th Egyptian dynasty.
Albert Goodwill Spalding  was a professional baseball player, manager and co-founder of A.G.
Charlie Waitt  was a professional baseball player.
Douglas L.
Bill Doak  played 11 years with the St.
Teasing is a word with different meanings.
"The Fox and the Hound" is an animated movie produced by Walt Disney Productions.It was released on July 10, 1981 and is based on the Daniel P.
"The Fox and the Hound" is a 1967 novel by Daniel Pratt Mannix IV.
A taunt is a sarcastic remark, challenge, or insult that someone does to make another angry.
In baseball, the pitcher is the player who throws the baseball from the pitcher's mound to the catcher to begin each play, trying to retire a batter who tries to either make hit it or draw a walk.
"Patton"  is a 1970 movie about United States Army General George S.
Jafar is an evil character in Disney's "Aladdin" movies.
"The Australian" is a newspaper made in Australia.
The Barbican Arts Centre is a large performing arts centre on the northern edge of the City of London.
Harry Morgan  is a American actor.
Brisbane Times is a website that reports news for Brisbane, Australia, as well as Queensland, the state that Brisbane is in.
The District line is a railway line in the London Underground.
Kensington is a district of West London, England in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea.
Dew Process is an independent record label from Brisbane, Australia.
The First and Second Chronicles are history books in the Old Testament.
Mary Ann  Evans , better known by her pen name George Eliot, was an English novelist.
Gerry Anderson MBE  is a English television and movie producer, director and writer.
Sarah Louise Christine Chalke  is a Canadian-American actress most famous for her role as Elliot Reid on "Scrubs" and Becky Conner on "Roseanne".
"AfterMASH" was an American TV series.
"M*A*S*H" is an American television sitcom made by Larry Gelbart about doctors in a mobile.
Loretta Swit  is an American actress.
Lawrence Lavonne "Larry" Linville  was an American actor.
is a third person puzzle-action video game made by Namco for the PlayStation 2 game console.
"Beautiful Katamari", released in Japan as is a third-person puzzle-action video game made by Namco Bandai for the Xbox 360 game console.
Mewtwo is a "Genetic" species of Pokémon that is number 150 in the Pokédex.
"We Love Katamari", known in Japan as, is a third-person puzzle-action video game made by Namco for the PlayStation 2 game console.
is a third-person puzzle-action video game made by Namco for the PlayStation Portable game console.
is an amusement company.
Nagoya is one of the largest cities in Japan.
Manglish is a language that sounds almost the same as English spoken by Malaysians.
"The Story of the Kelly Gang" is the world's first feature length movie.
Steffi Graf is a retired proffesional women's tennis player from Germany.
"Sports Illustrated" is the largest weekly American sports magazine owned by media company Time Warner.
Christian music is a genre of music with words that are about Christianity.
Abdul Qadeer Khan  in Bhopal, is a Pakistani scientist and metallurgical engineer.
An interception or intercept is a move in football that uses a pass  being stopped by a player on the other teams.
Load is an album by the heavy metal band Metallica.
The Greatest Show on Turf was the nickname for the offense fielded by the St.
"Le nozze di Figaro"  is an opera by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart composed in 1786.
, or "My Neighbour Totoro" on UK DVD box titles, is a 1988 animated movie written and directed by Hayao Miyazaki and produced by Studio Ghibli.
A mnemonic is a memory aid.
Northrop Frye wrote about books.
Throwback uniforms and jerseys are one-time or limited-time types of a sports team's uniforms that look the same way as uniforms from that team's past.
Backlash 2009 will take place on April 26, 2009 at the Dunkin' Donuts Center in Providence, Rhode Island.
"Down with Love" is a 2003 movie that has Ewan McGregor and Renee Zellweger as the main characters.
Celery is a type of vegetable, often used in salad.
Kalasha, also spelled as Kalash , is a metal  pot with a large base and small mouth, large enough to hold a coconut.
is a first person rail shooter made by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo 64 game console.
Arceus is a Pokémon that is known as the Alpha Pokémon.
"Pokémon Channel", released in Japan as, is a virtual pet/puzzle video game made by Ambrella and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo GameCube game console.
The Big Mac is a kind of sandwich sold at the fast food-chain McDonald's.
Jesse Donald Knotts  was an American actor best-known for his role on "The Andy Griffith Show" as Barney Fife.
"Stormbreaker" is a 2005 movie based on the Anthony Horowitz novel "Stormbreaker", part of the Alex Rider series of books.
In music, a serenade  is a song or piece of music which is sung or played in someone’s honour.
A divertimento is a piece of music which is lighthearted and easy to listen to.
Freemasonry is an organization of people who try to help one another in their profession or in their private lives.
Australian Music Online is a website about music in Australia.
"Die Entführung aus dem Serail"  is an opera by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.
The Clydesdale Bank is a Scottish bank.
"War of the Worlds" is a 2005 movie that has Tom Cruise and Dakota Fanning as the main people.
The Bank of Scotland is a Scottish bank.
Jimmy Calderwood  is a former professional footballer and current manager of Scottish club Aberdeen F.C..
Germany's Next Topmodel is a television show hosted by supermodel Heidi Klum.
Kurume is a city in Northern Kyushu, Japan.
Gordon David Strachan OBE  is a retired Scottish football player, and is now a football manager.
Craig William Levein  is a Scottish former professional footballer and current football manager.
John Hughes  is a former Scottish professional footballer and is currently manager of Falkirk.
Jennifer Karin-Luise Hof  is a model.
Partick Thistle Football Club is a professional football team based at Firhill Stadium in Glasgow, Scotland.
Airdrie United Football Club is a Scottish professional football team based in the town of Airdrie, North Lanarkshire.
__NOEDITSECTION__ American Airlines Flight 11 was the first hijacked airplane of September 11, 2001 attacks.
Aalst is a municipality found in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Aalter is a municipality found in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Aarschot is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Aartselaar is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Affligem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Aiseau-Presles is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Alken is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Alveringem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Amay is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Amblève is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Andenne is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Anderlecht is a municipality located in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region.
Anderlues is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Anhée is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Ans is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Anthisnes is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Antoing is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Anzegem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Ardooie is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Arendonk is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Arlon is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
As is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Asse is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Assenede is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Assesse is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Ath is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Attert is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Aubange is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Aubel is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Avelgem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Awans is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Aywaille is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Baarle-Hertog is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Baelen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Balen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Bassenge is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Bastogne is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Beaumont is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Beauraing is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Beauvechain is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.
Beernem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Beerse is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Beersel is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Begijnendijk is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Bekkevoort is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Beloeil is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Beringen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Berlaar is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Berlare is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Berloz is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Bernissart is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Bertem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Bertogne is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Bertrix is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Bever is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Beveren is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Beyne-Heusay is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Bierbeek is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Bièvre is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Bilzen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Binche is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Blankenberge is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Blégny is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Bocholt is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Boechout is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Bonheiden is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Boom is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Boortmeerbeek is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Borgloon is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Bornem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Borsbeek is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
John McEnroe is a retired professional tennis player from New York in the USA.
Bouillon is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Boussu is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Boutersem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Braine-l'Alleud is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.
Braine-le-Château is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.
Braine-le-Comte is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Braives is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Brakel is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Brecht is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Bredene is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Bree is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Brugelette is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Brunehaut is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Buggenhout is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Büllingen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Burdinne is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Burg-Reuland is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Butgenbach is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Celles is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Cerfontaine is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Chapelle-lez-Herlaimont is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Charleroi is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Chastre is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.
Châtelet is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Chaudfontaine is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Chaumont-Gistoux is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.
Chièvres is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Chimay is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Chiny is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Ciney is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Clavier is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Colfontaine is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Comblain-au-Pont is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Comines-Warneton is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Courcelles is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Court-Saint-Etienne is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.
Couvin is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Crisnée is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Björn Borg is a retired professional tennis player from Sweden.
Josef Manner & Comp  AG is an Austrian company that is known for its sweets.
"The Hours" is a 2002 movie.
Linux distributions are made of the Linux kernel and a collection of applications.
Bajaur  is an Agency  of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas  of Pakistan.
Khyber  is a tribal area in Federally Administered Tribal Areas  region of Pakistan .
Kurram or Karam  tribal agency is located in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas  area of Pakistan.
The Mohmand Agency  was created in 1951 before which the Mohmand Tribes were administered by the Deputy Commissioner based in Peshawar, North-West Frontier Province, Pakistan.
Orakzai Agency is one of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan.
North Waziristan  is the northern part of Waziristan, a mountainous region of northwest Pakistan, bordering Afghanistan and covering some 11 585 km² .
Miranshah  is a town in North Waziristan Agency and the capital city of Federally Administered Tribal Areas .
South Waziristan  is the southern part of Waziristan, a mountainous region of northwest Pakistan, bordering Afghanistan and covering some 11,585 km² .
The National Football League  playoffs are a single-elimination tournament that happen at the end of the 16-game regular season.
The 1981–82 NHL season was the 65th season of the National Hockey League.
This is a list of the active and all-time NHL franchise post-season appearance streaks up to and including the 2007–08 NHL season and subsequent 2008 Stanley Cup Playoffs.
Franz Xaver Süßmayr  was an Austrian composer.
Catch Me if You Can is a 1980 book by Frank Abagnale.
Maronites  are members of one of the Syriac Eastern Catholic Churches, with a heritage reaching back to Maron in the early 5th century.
Pantomime  is a kind of theatre entertainment usually performed around Christmas and the New Year in Britain and a few other English-speaking countries.
Major General Michael Collins  was an American astronaut and test pilot.
Saturn V was the name of the rocket type used by NASA in the Apollo program.
Kajaani  is a town in the region of Kainuu, the province of Oulu, Finland.
Michael John  Collins  was an Irish revolutionary leader.
Sophora davidii is a deciduous shrub from south-west China.
School is a place  where people are taught something.
Worthing is the largest town in West Sussex, England.
The Super Bowl Most Valuable Player or Super Bowl MVP, is an award given at the end of the Super Bowl, the National Football League's championship game, to the player who was the best in the game.
A Happy Meal is a meal made by McDonalds, and aimed at children.
Dalhem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Daverdisse is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
De Haan is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
De Panne is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
De Pinte is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Deerlijk is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Deinze is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Denderleeuw is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Dendermonde is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Dentergem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Dessel is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Destelbergen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Diepenbeek is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Diest is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Diksmuide is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Dilbeek is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Dilsen-Stokkem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Dinant is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Dison is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Doische is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Donceel is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Dour is a municipality found in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Drogenbos is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Duffel is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Durbuy is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Ecaussinnes is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Edegem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Eeklo is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Eghezée is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Ellezelles is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Ixelles is a municipality located in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region.
Enghien is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Engis is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Erezée is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Erpe-Mere is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Erquelinnes is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Esneux is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Essen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Estaimpuis is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Estinnes is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Etalle is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Etterbeek is a municipality located in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region.
Eupen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Evere is a municipality located in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region.
Evergem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Isaac, Itzhak or Yitzhak  is a patriarch in the Book of Genesis.
Faimes is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Farciennes is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Fauvillers is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Fernelmont is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Ferrières is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Fexhe-le-Haut-Clocher is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Flémalle is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Fléron is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Fleurus is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Flobecq is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Floreffe is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Florennes is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Florenville is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Fontaine-l'Evêque is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Fosses-la-Ville is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Frameries is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Frasnes-lez-Anvaing is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Froidchapelle is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Galmaarden is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Ganshoren is a municipality located in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region.
Gavere is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Gedinne is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Geel is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Geer is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Geetbets is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Gembloux is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Genappe is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.
Genk is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Ghent is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Geraardsbergen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Gerpinnes is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Gesves is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Gingelom is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Gistel is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Glabbeek is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Gooik is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Gouvy is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Grâce-Hollogne is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Grez-Doiceau is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.
Grimbergen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Grobbendonk is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Haacht is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
The word wild card mostly means a tournament or playoff berth given to an person or team that did not make that playoff or tournament through normal play.
Haaltert is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Habay is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Halen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Halle is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Ham is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Ham-sur-Heure-Nalinnes is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Hamme is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Hamoir is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Hamois is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Hamont-Achel is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Hannut is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Harelbeke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Hastière is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Havelange is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Hechtel-Eksel is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Heers is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Heist-op-den-Berg is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Hélécine is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.
Hemiksem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Hensies is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Herbeumont is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Herent is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Herentals is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Herenthout is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Herk-de-Stad is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Herne is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Héron is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Herselt is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Herstal is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Herstappe is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Herve is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Herzele is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Heusden-Zolder is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Heuvelland is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Hoegaarden is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Hoeilaart is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Hoeselt is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Holsbeek is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Honnelles is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Hooglede is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Hoogstraten is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Horebeke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Hotton is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Houffalize is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Houthalen-Helchteren is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Houthulst is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Houyet is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Hove is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Huldenberg is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Hulshout is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Huy is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Friedrich Rittelmeyer  was a German protestant theologian.
Ichtegem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Ieper is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Incourt is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.
Ingelmunster is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Ittre is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.
Izegem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Jabbeke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Jalhay is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Jemeppe-sur-Sambre is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Jette is a municipality located in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region.
Jodoigne is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.
Juprelle is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Jurbise is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Kalmthout is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Kampenhout is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Kapelle-op-den-Bos is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Kapellen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Kaprijke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Kasterlee is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Keerbergen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Kelmis is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Kinrooi is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Kluisbergen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Knesselare is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Knokke-Heist is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Koekelare is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Koekelberg is a municipality located in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region.
Koksijde is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Kontich is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Kortemark is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Kortenaken is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Kortenberg is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Kortessem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Kortrijk is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Kraainem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Kruibeke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Kruishoutem is a municipality found in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Kuurne is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
La Bruyère is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
La Hulpe is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.
La Louvière is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
La Roche-en-Ardenne is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Laakdal is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Laarne is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Lanaken is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Landen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Langemark-Poelkapelle is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Lasne is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.
Le Roeulx is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Lebbeke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Lede is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Ledegem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Léglise is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Lendelede is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Lennik is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Lens is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Leopoldsburg is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Les Bons Villers is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Lessines is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Leuven is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Leuze-en-Hainaut is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Libin is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Libramont-Chevigny is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Lichtervelde is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Liedekerke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
A Karyotype is an image of an animal's chromosomes.
Liège  is a city in Belgium.
Lier is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Lierde is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Lierneux is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Lille is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Lincent is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Linkebeek is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Lint is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Linter is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Lo-Reninge is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Lobbes is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Lochristi is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Lokeren is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Lommel is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Londerzeel is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
"Idomeneo" is an opera by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.
Lontzen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Lovendegem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Lubbeek is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Lummen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Maarkedal is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Maaseik is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Maasmechelen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Machelen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Maldegem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Malle is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Malmedy is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Manage is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Manhay is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Marche-en-Famenne is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Marchin is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Martelange is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Mechelen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Meerhout is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Meeuwen-Gruitrode is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Meise is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Meix-devant-Virton is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Melle is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Menen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Merbes-le-Château is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Merchtem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Merelbeke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Merksplas is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Mesen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Messancy is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Mettet is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Meulebeke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Middelkerke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Modave is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Moerbeke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Momignies is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Mont-de-l'Enclus is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Mont-Saint-Guibert is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.
Montigny-le-Tilleul is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Moorslede is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Morlanwelz is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Mortsel is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Mouscron is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Musson is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Nandrin is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Nassogne is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Nazareth is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Neerpelt is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Neufchâteau is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Neupré is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Nevele is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Niel is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Nieuwerkerken is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Nieuwpoort is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Nijlen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Ninove is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Nivelles is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.
Ohey is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Olen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Olne is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Onhaye is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Oosterzele is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Oostkamp is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Oostrozebeke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Opglabbeek is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Opwijk is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Oreye is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Orp-Jauche is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.
Ottignies-Louvain-la-Neuve is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.
Oud-Heverlee is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Oud-Turnhout is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Oudenaarde is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Oudenburg is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Oudergem is a municipality located in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region.
Ouffet is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Oupeye is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Carbohydrates are chemical compounds that contain only oxygen, hydrogen and carbon.
Overijse is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Overpelt is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Paliseul is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Pecq is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Peer is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Pepingen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Pepinster is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Péruwelz is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Perwez is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.
Philippeville is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Pittem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Plombières is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Pont-à-Celles is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Poperinge is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Profondeville is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Putte is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Puurs is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Quaregnon is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Quévy is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Quiévrain is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Raeren is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Ramillies is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.
Ranst is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Ravels is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Rebecq is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Remicourt is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Rendeux is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Retie is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Riemst is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Rijkevorsel is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Rixensart is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.
Rochefort is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Roeselare is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Ronse is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Roosdaal is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Rotselaar is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Rouvroy is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Ruiselede is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Rumes is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Rumst is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Saint-Georges-sur-Meuse is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Saint-Ghislain is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Saint-Hubert is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Saint-Léger is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Saint-Nicolas is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Saint-Vith is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Sainte-Ode is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Sambreville is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Schaarbeek is a municipality located in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region.
Schelle is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Scherpenheuvel-Zichem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Schilde is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Schoten is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Seneffe is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Seraing is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Silly is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Sint-Agatha-Berchem is a municipality located in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region.
Sint-Amands is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Sint-Genesius-Rode  is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Sint-Gillis is a municipality located in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region.
Sint-Gillis-Waas is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Sint-Jans-Molenbeek is a municipality located in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region.
Sint-Joost-ten-Node is a municipality located in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region.
Sint-Katelijne-Waver is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Sint-Lambrechts-Woluwe is a municipality located in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region.
Sint-Laureins is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Sint-Lievens-Houtem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Sint-Martens-Latem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Sint-Niklaas is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Sint-Pieters-Leeuw is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Sint-Pieters-Woluwe is a municipality located in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region.
Sint-Truiden is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Sivry-Rance is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Soignies is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Sombreffe is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Somme-Leuze is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Soumagne is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Spa is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Spiere-Helkijn is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Sprimont is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Stabroek is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Staden is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Stavelot is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Steenokkerzeel is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Stekene is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Stoumont is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Tellin is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Temse is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Tenneville is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Ternat is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Tervuren is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Tessenderlo is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Theux is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Thimister-Clermont is a municipality found in the Belgian province of Liège.
Thuin is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Tielt is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Tielt-Winge is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Tienen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Tinlot is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Tintigny is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Tongeren is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Torhout is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Tournai is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Tremelo is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Trois-Ponts is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Trooz is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Tubize is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.
Turnhout is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Ukkel is a municipality located in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region.
Vaux-sur-Sûre is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Verlaine is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Verviers is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Veurne is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Vielsalm is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Villers-la-Ville is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.
Villers-le-Bouillet is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Vilvoorde is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Viroinval is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Virton is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Visé is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Vleteren is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Voeren is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Vorselaar is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Vorst is a municipality located in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region.
Vosselaar is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Vresse-sur-Semois is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Waarschoot is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Waasmunster is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Wachtebeke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Waimes is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Walcourt is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Walhain is a municipality found in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.
Wanze is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Waregem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Waremme is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Wasseiges is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Waterloo is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.
Watermaal-Bosvoorde is a municipality located in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region.
Wavre is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.
Welkenraedt is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
Wellen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Wellin is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Wemmel is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Wervik is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Westerlo is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Wetteren is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Wevelgem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Wezembeek-Oppem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Wichelen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Wielsbeke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Wijnegem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Willebroek is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Wingene is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Wommelgem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Wortegem-Petegem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Wuustwezel is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Yvoir is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
Zandhoven is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Zaventem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Zedelgem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Zele is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Zelzate is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Zemst is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Zingem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Zoersel is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Zomergem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Zonhoven is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Zonnebeke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Zottegem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Zoutleeuw is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Zuienkerke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Zulte is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Zutendaal is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
Zwalm is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Zwevegem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
Zwijndrecht is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
Sai Baba of Shirdi (d.
A Mast-Allah  is a kind of spiritual person in the part of the Muslim religion called Sufism.
Robert F.
Salarzais, along with the Kakazai and Wur, are one of the four clans of Tarkanis.
The Utman Khel or Utmankhel  are a Pashtun tribe who occupy the hills to the north of Peshawar in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Bara  is a tehsil located in Khyber Agency, Federally Administered Tribal Areas, Pakistan.
Jamrud , is a town located in the Khyber Agency, one of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan.
Upper Orakzai is a National Assembly constituency situated in the Orakzai Agency in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan.
Ghulam Khan  is town in North Waziristan Agency, FATA, Pakistan.
Mir Ali is a town in Pakistan .
Razmak is one of the three sub-divisions of North Waziristan Agency, the other two being Miranshah and Mirali.
Bermal  is a community in Paktika Province, Afghanistan, near the border with North Waziristan, one of Pakistan's Federally Administered Tribal Areas.
Sofiensaal  is the name of a former public bath and concert venue in Vienna.
Ordinary language philosophy is a way of doing philosophy that uses ordinary, everyday words.
Attock Tehsil  is one of the six tehsils  of Attock District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Fateh Jang Tehsil is an administrative subdivision , of Attock District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Jand Tehsil is one of the six tehsils  of Attock District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Hazro Tehsil is one of the six tehsils  of Attock District in the Punjab province of Pakistan, it is a newly created tehsil and forms parts of the NA-57 constituency of Attock.
Awaran  is the capital of Awaran District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.
Jhal Jhao  is a small town in the southern part of Balochistan, Pakistan in Awaran District.
Korak is town and Union Council of Awaran District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.
Badin  is a town located in Sindh, Pakistan east of the Indus River.
Matli is the largest taluka of Badin District in the Sindh province of Pakistan, it is administratively subdivided into 13 Union Councils.
Bahawalnagar Tehsil is a city and tehsil of Bahawalnagar District in the Punjab province of Pakistan and lies just south of the Sutlej River, its population according to the 1998 census of Pakistan was 2,061,000.
Chishtian  is a city located in Bahawalnagar District of Punjab Province, Pakistan also known as "Shehr-e-Muhabbat" (city of Love.Its location on the globe is 29.48 North and 072.50 East.
Fort Abbas was formerly known as 'Pholra'.
Haroonabad  is a tehsil  of Bahawalnagar District, in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.
Ahmadpur East is one of the five tehsils  of Bahawalpur District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Bahawalpur Tehsil   is a city of (1998 pop.
Hasilpur is a city of Bahawalpur District in east central Punjab, Pakistan.
Christopher Smart  was a famous poet.
Bhakkar  is the city principle city of Bhakkar District, Punjab, Pakistan.
Darya Khan is a town and tehsil of Bhakkar District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.
Bhimber is the chief town of Bhimber District, Azad Kashmir.
Bhag  is a city located in Bolan District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.
Chagai is the capital of Chagai District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.
Nushki , a town and district of Balochistan, lies in south-west of Quetta.
Chakwal  is the main town of Chakwal District, Punjab, Pakistan and is located 90 km south-east of the federal capital, Islamabad.
Talagang Tehsil is a subdivision  of Chakwal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Charsadda  is a town and headquarters of Charsadda District, in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Tangi is a town in Hashtnagar, Charsadda District, North-West Frontier Province, Pakistan.
Taunsa Sharif or Taunsa is a Tehsil  of Dera Ghazi Khan District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Kulachi is a city and the headquarters of Kulachi Tehsil  of Dera Ismail Khan District in North-West Frontier Province, Pakistan.
Paharpur Tehsil is an administrative subdivision  of Dera Ismail Khan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Banihal is a town and a notified area committee in Doda District of the disputed territory of Occupied Kashmir .
Bhaderwah is a town and a notified area committee in Doda District in the Indian-occupied state of Maqbuza Kashmir, Kashmir region.
Andrew 'Andy' Roddick born August 30, 1982) is a American proffesional tennis player.
Kishtwar is a town and a notified area committee in Doda District in Maqbuza Kashmir, the Kashmir region .
Ramban is a newly created district in Maqbuza Kashmir .
"La clemenza di Tito"  is an "opera" composed by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.
Ghotki  Ghotki is a town of Northern Sindh, Pakistan.
Mirpur Mathelo is a town in Ghotki District, Sindh province, Pakistan.
Kamoke is a Tehsil of Gujranwala District located on the Grand Trunk Road, it is headquartered at Kāmoke which is approximately 40km from Gujranwala - the district capital.
Nowshera Virkan is a big town west of the industrial city of Gujranwala, Pakistan.
Wazirabad  is an industrial city located in Gujranwala District, Punjab, Pakistan.
Gujrat Tehsil is a subdivision  of Gujrat District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Kharian Tehsil is a subdivision  of Gujrat District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Sarai Alamgir  (pop.
Jiwani port is located along Arabian Sea in Gwadar District, Balochistan, Pakistan.
Ormara  is a port city  located in the Makran or coastal region of the Balochistan province of Pakistan.
Pasni Tehsil  is a subdivision  of Gwadar District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.
Hafizabad is a city and tehsil of Hafizabad District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Jacobabad Taluka is an administrative subdivision  of Jacobabad District, Sindh, Pakistan.
Bishnah is a town and a notified area committee in Jammu District in the disputed territory of Kashmir region .
Chiniot  is a city in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Shorkot is the center of Jhang District, Punjab, Pakistan.
Jhelum Tehsil is an administrative subdivision of Jhelum District in Punjab province, Pakistan.
Sohawa is one of the tehsils  of Jhelum District, situated in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Pind Dadan Khan  is a tehsil, a minor administrative area of Jhelum District, Punjab, Pakistan.
Dina  is a rapidly expanding commercial town in the Jhelum District of the province of Punjab, Pakistan.
Banda Daud Shah is a town in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Takht-e-Nasarati is an administrative subdivision  of Karak District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Kashmore  is a city in Kashmor District, Sindh, Pakistan.
Chunian is an historic city of Punjab, Pakistan.
Kasur , the city of Bulleh Shah and the capital of Kasur District, is located 55 km southeast of Lahore, and is one of the oldest cities in Pakistan.
Pattoki Tehsil is an administrative subdivision  of Kasur District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Kabirwala Tehsil is a subdivision  of Khanewal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Khanewal Tehsil is a subdivision  of Khanewal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Jahanian  is an administative subdivision, tehsil, of Khanewal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Mian Channu Tehsil is an administrative subdivision  of Khanewal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Kharan  is a town in Kharan District, Balochistan, Pakistan.
Kohlu  is a town in Kohlu District in Balochistan, Pakistan.
Liane de Pougy , was a Folies Bergères dancer who became famous for being one of Paris's most beautiful courtesans.
Handwara is a town and a notified area committee in Kupwara District of the disputed territory of Indian-Held Kashmir .
Kupwara is a town and a notified area committee in Kupwara District, Kashmir .
Depalpur Tehsil is an administrative subdivision  of Okara District in the Punjab province of Pakistan, headquartered at the town of Depalpur .
Renala Khurd is an administrative subdivision  of Okara District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Gadani or Gaddani is located in Lasbela District, Baluchistan, Pakistan.
Hub Tehsil  is located in Lasbela District, Balochistan, Pakistan.
Sonmiani is a coastal town in the southeast of Balochistan province in Pakistan, approximately 45 kilometres northwest of Karachi.
Uthal is a city in Lasbela District, Balochistan, Pakistan.
Lodhran is the chief city of Lodhran District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Balakot Tehsil  is a subdivision of Mansehra District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Mansehra  city is located at 34°20′N 73°12′ECoordinates: 34°20′N 73°12′E in Mansehra District, North-West Frontier Province, Pakistan.
Oghi Tehsil is a sub-district  of Mansehra District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Mardan  is a city and headquarters of Mardan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
Takht-i-Bahi  is a Buddhist monastic complex dating back to 1st century BC.
Dasht is a town and tehsil of Kech District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.
Mastung, the capital of Mastung District, is a town in the Baluchistan province of Pakistan.
Hala  is a town in the Pakistani province of Sindh.
Matiari  is the capital city of Matyari District, Sindh, Pakistan.
Isakhel Tehsil is an administrative subdivision  of Mianwali District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Mianwali  is the capital city of Mianwali District in the north-west of Punjab province, Pakistan.
Piplan is a town and tehsil of Mianwali District, situated in southern Punjab, Pakistan .
Mumtazabad Colony is one of the oldest yet well-planned housing areas of Multan in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Sher Shah is a town in Multan District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Alipur is a tehsil, , of Muzaffargarh District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Jatoi is a tehsil, an administrative subdivision, of Muzaffargarh District in the Punjab province of Pakistan, it is administratively subdivided into 16 Union Councils of Pakistan.
Kot Adu is a city of Muzaffargarh District in the Punjab province of Pakistan, the city, which is subdivided into 3 Union Councils, is the capital of Kot Adu tehsil.
Muzaffargarh  is a town in southwestern Punjab, Pakistan located on the bank of the Chenab River.
Sangla Hill is a Tehsil in Pakistan located in Nankana Sahib District in the Punjab Province.
Shahkot is a Tehsil of Nankana Sahib District, Pakistan.
Narowal Tehsil is a subdivision  of Narowal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Shakargarh Tehsil is a subdivision  of Narowal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Jhal Magsi is a town in Kachhi District, Balochistan, Pakistan.
Dera Murad Jamali  is a city located in Balochistan, Pakistan.
Bhiria is a city in the Naushahro Feroze District of Sindh in Pakistan.
Moro is a city and a tehsil in the Naushahro Feroze District of Sindh, Pakistan.
Mehrabpur is a town and a tehsil in the Naushahro Feroze District of Sindh in Pakistan.
Chenani is a town and a notified area committee in Udhampur District of the disputed territory of Kashmir .
Burewala Tehsil is an administrative subdivision  of Vehari District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Mailsi Tehsil is a subdivision  of Vehari District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Vehari Tehsil is an administrative subdivision  of Vehari District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
"The Omen" is a 1976 suspense/horror movie directed by Richard Donner.
Faker is a band from Sydney, Australia.
Arifwala is a town and tehsil of Pakpattan District in the Punjab province of Pakistan and is located at 30°16'60N 73°4'0E .
Pakpattan  is the capital of Pakpattan District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Panjgur  is a small town in Panjgur District, Balochistan province, Pakistan.
Bostan  is a town in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.
Pishin  is a small town located in Pishin District, Balochistan, Pakistan.
Pampore is a town and a notified area committee in Pulwama District in the disputed occupied territory of Occupied Kashmir .
Pulwama is a town and a notified area committee in Pulwama District in the Kashmir It is an area of Kashmir that is rich in agriculture.
Tral is a town and a notified area committee in Pulwama District in Occupied Kashmir .
Khanpur  is a city in Punjab, Pakistan.
Sadiqabad is a subdivision  of Rahimyar Khan District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Jampur is a small city located in Rajanpur District, south of Dera Ghazi Khan, in the centre of Pakistan.
Rajouri is a town and a notified area committee in Rajouri District in the Occupied Kashmir .
Sunderbani is a town and a notified area committee in Rajouri District in the Occupied Kashmir .
Thanamandi is a town and a notified area committee in the Rajouri District of the Occupied Kashmir .
Gujar Khan Tehsil, head-quartered at Gujar Khan, is one of the seven Tehsils  of Rawalpindi District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Kahuta Tehsil  is one of the seven Tehsils  of Rawalpindi District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Kallar Syedan is a tehsil  of Rawalpindi District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Kotli Sattian is a tehsil  of Rawalpindi District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Murree Tehsil  is one of the seven Tehsils  of Rawalpindi District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Rawalpindi is a tehsil - an administrative subdivision - of Rawalpindi District in the western part of the Punjab, Pakistan, it contains the district capital - the city of Rawalpindi.
Taxila Tehsil, head-quartered at Taxila, is one of the seven Tehsils  of Rawalpindi District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Jhando Mari is a town and Union Council of Tando Allah Yaar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan.
Mithi is a town in Tharparkar District, Sindh province, Pakistan, located 300 kilometers from Karachi.
Spandau Ballet were an English 1980s pop group.
The Chevrolet Corvette is a sports car that has been built by Chevrolet since 1953.
Bhumibol Adulyadej  , is the current King of Thailand.
Don Edwards  was a professional ice hockey goaltender who played ten seasons in the National Hockey League for the Buffalo Sabres, Calgary Flames, and Toronto Maple Leafs.
These are lists of active and all-time NHL team post-season, post-season series win, Stanley Cup Final and Stanley Cup droughts up to and including the 2008 Stanley Cup Playoffs.
"Eine kleine Nachtmusik" is the name given to the Serenade No.
Jam Nawaz Ali is a small city in Sanghar District, Sindh, Pakistan about 60 km from Sanghar city.
Khipro  Khipro is a taluka, an administrative subdivision, of Sanghar District, Sindh, Pakistan .
Sanghar Taluka  is a subdivision of Sanghar District in the province of Sindh in Pakistan.
Shahdadpur is a city in Sindh, a province of Pakistan.
Sinjoro is a taluka, an administrative subdivision, of Sanghar District, Sindh, Pakistan.
Tando Adam  is a town in Sindh, Pakistan.
Bhalwal Tehsil is a subdivision  of Sargodha District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Sargodha Tehsil is an administrative subdivision of Sargodha District in the Punjab province of Pakistan, the tehsil is subdivided into 62 Union Councils - 22 of which form the city of Sargodha .
Sillanwali Tehsil is a subdivision  of Sargodha District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Puran is a tehsil of Shangla District of North Western Frontier Province in Pakistan.
Besham  is the largest town and commercial centre of the Shangla District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Chakesar is a town of the Shangla District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Martung or Mārtung is a town and tehsil of Shangla District, North-West Frontier Province, Pakistan .
One of the four tehsils  of the Shikarpur District, the Garhi Yasheen tehsil is of great political and historical significance to Pakistan.
Daska , is a small industrial city with a population of around 300,000 in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Pasrur  is a town situated in Sialkot District, in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Sambrial is a town and tehsil of Sialkot District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Lehri is town and Union Council of Sibi District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.
Sukkur City Taluka is an administrative subdivision  of Sukkur District in the Sindh province of Pakistan, the city of Sukkur is the capital.
Rohri Taluka is an administrative subdivision  of Sukkur District in the Sindh province of Pakistan, the town of Rohri is the capital.
The Simpsons Season 1 was the first season of The Simpsons, featuring 13 full-length episodes.
Patrick 'Pat' Rafter  is a retired professional tennis player from Australia.
Patrick 'Pat' Cash  is a retired professional tennis player from Australia.
Steve Young , is a former quarterback for the NFL's San Francisco 49ers and Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Pioneer 10 was a spacecraft launched by NASA in March 1972.
Stadio Giuseppe Meazza or the San Siro is a sports stadium in Milan, Italy.
The Chronicles of Narnia movie series are a series of movies created by Walden Media and distributed by Walt Disney.
Below is a list of movies released in 2008, ordered by release date.
Super Bowl XXXIV  was a Super Bowl game between the St.
An anniversary is a day that celebrates an event that happened on the same day and month, but in a past year.
The Evangelical Church in Germany  is a series of 23 regional Lutheran, Reformed and United Protestant churches.
Dark Orbit is a MMORPG.
In sports, a season is the part of one year that games of that sport are played.
Billy Reid is a Scottish former footballer and is currently manager of Scottish Premier League club Hamilton Academical.
Csaba László  is a Romanian-Hungarian football manager and former player.
Mika-Matti "Mixu" Paatelainen  is a retired Finnish football player and is the current manager of Hibernian.
Craig James Brewster, , is a Scottish manager and former professional footballer.
Jim Jefferies  is the Scottish football manager of Scottish Premier League team Kilmarnock F.C..
Mark Edward McGhee  is a former professional footballer and current manager of Scottish club Motherwell.
Walter Smith, OBE  is a Scottish former football player, but is better known as a football manager.
Richard Hamilton  is an English painter and collage artist.
Sir Peter Thomas Blake, CBE  is an English pop artist, best known for his design of the sleeve for The Beatles' album "Sgt.
Sehwan Sharif is a city found in Dadu District of Sindh, Pakistan.
Dokri  is a town in Larkana District, Sindh province of Pakistan and is the capital town of the Dokri Taluka..
Okara  is a city located in the Okara District, Punjab, Pakistan.
Landi Kotal or Landikotal  in Pakistan is the highest point on the Khyber Pass 1,072 metres above sea level, a route across the mountains from the near-border city, Peshawar.
Liège is the easternmost province of the Walloon Region, in Belgium.
East Flanders  is a province of Flanders, one of the three regions of Belgium.
flag = Image:Flemish_Brabant_Flag.png| governor = Lodewijk De Witte | population_as_of = 1 January 2005| Flemish Brabant  is a province of Flanders, one of the three regions of Belgium.
A network card is a piece of hardware that permits a computer to participate in a computer network.
A genogram is a family tree with medical details, such as whether the person is male or female, and whether brothers and sisters are twins.
An ahnentafel is a family tree where people are shown in a numbered list instead of a tree.
A coupé or coupe  mostly is a sports car with a fixed roof and two doors.
Angus 'Gus' Ian MacPherson  is a former Scottish footballer and is currently manager of St Mirren.
St.
A bookcase, or bookshelf, is a piece of furniture that is used to hold books.
A Spreadsheet is a computer program.
Counties named Washington.
Bill "Red" Anderson  was a professional ice hockey player that played one game with the Boston Bruins in the NHL.
John Aiken  was an American ice hockey player.
Sebastien Centomo (born March 26, 1981 in Laval, Quebec is a professional ice hockey player who played one game with the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Alexander Andrijevski  was a professional hockey player who played one game for the Chicago Blackhawks in the National Hockey League.
The 1931–32 NHL season was the fifteenth season of the National Hockey League.
Bigpoint GmbH is a computer company that makes online browser games.
Abiogenesis is a science that studies how life on Earth came to be from organic and inorganic molecules.
Space Invasion is a text-based online browser game.
Stromatolites  are special rock like structures.
Newington is an area in the London Borough of Southwark in London, England.
"Makemake is a dwarf planet, discovered on March 31, 2005 by astronomers Michael E.
Encyclopædia Dramatica is a website that stores and/or satirizes current events and themes, commonly Internet-related ones.
Super Bowl XXXVI was an Super Bowl game played on February 3, 2002 at the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans, Louisiana.
Marc Robert Bulger   is the starting quarterback for the St.
The Pro Bowl is the all-star game for the National Football League .
Dennis "Denny" Green  is a former head coach for the Minnesota Vikings and Arizona Cardinals, in the National Football League.
Emmitt James Smith III  is a former National Football League player who played for the Dallas Cowboys and Arizona Cardinals.
In botany, an herbarium is the building where the specimens are stored, or the scientific institute that not only stores but researches these specimens.
Slash fiction is fiction, especially fanfiction, that is about homosexual couples.
Big Brother UK 2008 is the 9th series of Big Brother UK.
Glory  is a word used to show the highness of God, in the Judeo-Christian religions.
The groin is the crease at the place where the torso come together with the leg and crotch areas.
Bryan Bartlett Starr  is a former American football player and coach for the National Football League.
Thomas Richard Coughlin  is the head coach for the New York Giants, the 2007 National Football League  Super Bowl Champions.
Fenway Park is the home baseball stadium of the Major League Baseball team, Boston Red Sox.
The medial collateral ligament  is one of the four major ligaments of the knee.
The Green Monster  is the nickname of the green, 37-foot, two-inch  left field wall at Fenway Park, where the Boston Red Sox play home games.
Joshua Treadwell McCown  is an American football quarterback for the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League.
The injured reserve list is a list of players who are injured and can not play for a period of time.
An amendment is a formal or official change made to a law, contract, constitution, or other legal document.
Matthew Stephen Leinart  is an American football quarterback for the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football League.
A puzzle video game is a type of video game that focuses on puzzle solving.
Patricia Helen Heaton  is an Emmy Award-winning American actress best known for playing lead character and Ray Barone's wife Debra Barone on the CBS television sitcom "Everybody Loves Raymond".
Michael John Sweeney  is a first baseman and designated hitter in Major League Baseball for the Oakland Athletics.
James Patrick Caviezel, Jr.
Human cloning is the creation of a human being, human cell, or human tissue taken from another human.
Jeffrey Scot Suppan , is a Major League Baseball pitcher for the Milwaukee Brewers.
A donation is a gift usually given for charitable reasons.
Shake It is a 2008 song by Metro Station.
Constant Lievens  is a Belgian  Jesuit priest, Missionary among the tribal peoples of India.
Pre-cambrian  is a word used to describe a time period.
The Presidents' Trophy is an award presented by the National Hockey League  to the team which finishes with the most points in the league during the regular season.
The Prince of Wales Trophy, or simply the Wales Trophy, is a National Hockey League  trophy awarded to the Eastern Conference  playoff champions.
Prince of Wales is the title traditionally given to the heir apparent to the reigning monarch of the United Kingdom.
Caorle is a small city on the coast of the Veneto region in North-east Italy.
Pet Sounds is the tenth music album by the American band The Beach Boys , which was released in 1966.
"SMiLE" was a Beach Boys album.
Greek salad , 'country/village salad', is a dish from Greece.
Homo habilis  used primative stone tools.
Avogadro's constant  is a number used in chemistry.
The Books of Kings are a set of books in the Old Testament.
Under My Skin is a 2004 album by Avril Lavigne.
The World Music Awards  is an international awards show that annually honors recording artists based on their worldwide sales figures, which are provided by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry .
"The SpongeBob Squarepants Movie" is a 2004 movie based on Nickelodeon's "SpongeBob SquarePants" television series.
Montecito is a census-designated place  in Santa Barbara County, California.
The Goo Goo Dolls are a rock band formed in 1986 in Buffalo, New York by John Rzeznik and Robby Takac.
Radio Disney is a radio network based in Dallas, Texas in the United States broadcasting music and other content targeted at children and young teenagers.
Losing Grip is a 2003 single by Avril Lavigne.
Books of the Bible are listed differently in the canons of Jews, and Catholic, Protestant, Greek Orthodox, Slavonic Orthodox, Georgian, Armenian Apostolic, Syriac and Ethiopian Churches, although there is substantial overlap.
"The Jungle Book" is a 1967 animated movie.
"Bambi's Children, The Story of a Forest Family"  is a book written by Felix Salten, first printed and translated from German to English in 1939.
The Triforce is a mystic object in "The Legend of Zelda" universe.
The Book of Common Prayer is an old Anglican prayer book.
Thế hệ 9X  is the group of people born between the years 1990 and 1999.
"The Legend of Zelda" is an American animated series loosely based on the "The Legend of Zelda" and '.
Hyrule is a fictional world in "The Legend of Zelda" series.
"Littlest Pet Shop" is an upcoming video game being made Electronic Arts.
Unforgiven  was the eleventh Unforgiven professional wrestling pay-per-view event by World Wrestling Entertainment .
WWE Unforgiven is a professional wrestling pay-per-view that happens every year in September.
A fill in popular music is a short instrumental passage, between melody lines of a song.
The Montevideo Convention on the Rights and Duties of States is a treaty.
A gig is a word that bands use when talking about their live shows.
In architecture, a folly is a building constructed strictly as a decoration.
"Littlest Pet Shop" are a line of toys sold by Hasbro.
Pete Seeger  is an American folk musician and songwriter.
Strawberry Fields Forever is a song made by The Beatles.
The German Bundesliga 08/09 is the 46th German Bundesliga.
The German Bundesliga 07/08 was the 45th German Bundesliga.
VfB Stuttgart won the 44th Season of the German Bundesliga.
Lucy  name: "dinqineš", or “Dinkenesh,” meaning “You are beautiful” or "you are wonderful") is the common name of AL 288-1, the 40% complete "Australopithecus afarensis" skeleton discovered on November 24, 1974 by the International Afar Research Expedition  in the Awash Valley of Ethiopia's Afar Depression.
Dumbo is the titular character in the Disney film Dumbo.He is an anthropomorphic elephant who has huge ears and is able to fly, using his magic feather.
Inti Jean Christophe Chauveau  was a French professor.
Italian Mare Nostrum was the name given during World War II, by Benito Mussolini and his fascist propaganda, to the Mediterranean Sea under the domination of the Kingdom of Italy.
The ArenaBowl is the Arena Football League's championship game.
The New York Dragons are an Arena Football League team.
The Amsterdam Admirals were a professional American football team in the NFL Europa.
"The Andy Griffith Show" is a American television series sitcom starring Andy Griffith.
"Happy Days" is an American TV show that originally aired on ABC between January 15, 1974 and June 12, 1984.
"Archie Bunker's Place" is an American TV sitcom made by Norman Lear.
"Live Free or Die Hard"  is an action movie starring Bruce Willis and Justin Long.
Texas Tech University is a public university in Lubbock, Texas.
"Die Hard with a Vengeance" is a 1995 action movie starring Bruce Willis and Samuel L.
"Die Hard 2"  is an American action movie starring Bruce Willis, Bonnie Bedelia, and William Sadler.
"Die Hard" is an American action movie starring Bruce Willis.
is a beat 'em up video game made by Capcom for the Nintendo Entertainment System.
"Rayman Raving Rabbids" is a party video game made by Ubisoft for the Wii, PlayStation 2, Xbox 360, Microsoft Windows, Game Boy Advance, and Nintendo DS game consoles.
Teleportation is the ability to go from one place to another without moving.
is a Japanese video game company.
"Mega Man Star Force 2", known in Japan as is an action role-playing video game made by Capcom for the Nintendo DS game console.
"Mega Man Star Force", known in Japan as, is an action role-playing video game made by Capcom for the Nintendo DS game console.
is a platform video game made by Capcom for the PlayStation 2 game console.
"Mega Man X7", called in Japan, is a platform video game made by Capcom for the PlayStation 2 game console.
"Mega Man X6", called in Japan, is a platform video game made by Capcom for the PlayStation game console.
"Pikmin" is a series of video games created by Nintendo that started on the Nintendo GameCube in 2001.
"Metroid Prime" is a first-person action-adventure video game made by Retro Studios and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo GameCube game console.
The Minnesota Timberwolves are a basketball team in Minneapolis, Minnesota in the United States.
The Longsword is a European sword.
"Resident Evil" is a survival horror media franchise which has had of video games, movies, comics, novels, and collectibles owned by Capcom.
Kofi Sarkodie-Mensah, also known by his ring name, Kofi Kingston, is a Ghanaian professional wrestler.
The Red-necked Wallaby  is a medium-sized macropod, common in parts of eastern Australia.
Kolo Habib Touré , is an Ivorian footballer who plays for Arsenal.
The Battle of Baghdad in 1258 was a victory for the Mongol leader Hulagu Khan, a grandson of Genghis Khan.
The German Bundesliga 05/06 was the 43rd German Bundesliga.
The German Bundesliga 04/05 was the 42nd German Bundesliga.
The Credo  is part of Christian Mass.
Jerome David Salinger   is an American author, best known for his 1951 novel "The Catcher in the Rye".
This is a list of the results and standings for the 2001 Formula One season.
Anna Sergeyvena Kournikova   is a Russian model and retired professional tennis player.
Luca Toni Varchetta Delle Cave  is an Italian World Cup-winning footballer.
Sara Gilbert  is an American actress most famous for being Darlene Conner in Roseanne.
Alicia Linda Goranson , also known as Lecy Goranson, is an American actress most famous for her role as Becky Conner in the TV show "Roseanne".
"Ape Escape", known in Japan as, is a platform video game for the PlayStation.
Kenneth Elton Kesey  was an American writer best known for his novel "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest".
Hepatic tumors are tumors or growths on/in a liver.
"One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest"  is a novel written in 1959 by Ken Kesey and published in 1962, set in a mental asylum in Oregon.
Fred Dalton Thompson  is an American politician, actor, attorney, and lobbyist.
John Herschel Glenn Jr.
Super Ubuntu is an operating system based on Ubuntu, over which it contains various improvements.
"Sahelanthropus tchadensis" is a fossil ape, thought to have lived approximately 7 million years ago.
Uses.
Murray Langston is a Canadian comedian and writer.
The Sahara Pump Theory explains how flora and fauna left Africa to penetrate the Middle East and beyond to Europe and Asia.
US Airways, Inc.
Northwest Airlines, Inc.
JetBlue Airways is an American low-cost airline owned by JetBlue Airways Corporation.
Erich Wasicky  was a pharmacist at the Mauthausen concentration camp.
Indie pop is a style of indie music which is more pop orientated, and tuneful, while Indie rock can sometimes be more edgy.
Travis are an Indie pop band from Scotland.
"The Boy with No Name" is the latest release by Indie pop band Travis and was released in May of 2007.
Stuttering or Stammering is a problem some people have when they speak.
Life expectancy is how long a person is expected to live.
Autrans is a village near Grenoble.
Nedjeljko Vukasović  is a former child actor.
Claron McFadden is an American soprano singer.
Demosthenes  was a well-known Greek statesman and orator of ancient Athens.
Mexicali is a city in Mexico.
Mobile is a song by Avril Lavigne.
Don't Tell Me is a 2004 song by Avril Lavigne.
EasyJet Airline Company Limited, styled as easyJet, is a low cost airline based at London Luton Airport.
Mechanical and hydro-mechanical flight control systems are heavy and require careful routing of flight control cables through the aircraft using systems of pulleys, cranks, wires and, with hydraulically-assisted controls, hydraulic pipes.
A joystick is an input device consisting of a stick that pivots on a base and reports its angle or direction to the device it is controlling.
"Nobody's Home" is Avril Lavigne's third single from her second album "Under My Skin".
Subsociality" is a form of social behaviour of animals.
Arthur Marx , also called Harpo Marx , was one of the Marx Brothers.
Klaus Barbie  was an SS-"Hauptsturmführer", soldier, and Gestapo member.
"Mega Man X2", called in Japan, is a platform video game made by Capcom for the Super NES game console.
"Mega Man X", called in Japan, is a platform video game made by Capcom for the Super NES game console.
"Animal Crossing", known as in Japan, is a life simulation video game made by Nintendo for the Nintendo 64 and Nintendo GameCube game consoles.
Gerd Müller, , used to be a football player for West Germany, and was one of the best players in his time.
Gebenhofen is a village near Augsburg.
This is a family of plants including mustard, wasabi, and horseradish.
Amputation is the act of cutting off a part of the human body because of medical reasons.
Ned Kelly is an Australian movie directed by Gregor Jordan.
A long piece of cloth, almost 5 to 7 meters in length which is used by Sikh Men to tie around their heads.
Ubayd Allah al-Mahdi Billah a.k.a Said ibn Husayn  is considered the founder of the Fatimid dynasty, the only major Shi'ite caliphate in Islam, and established Fatimid rule throughout much of North Africa.
__NOTOC__ .
Amir al-Mu'minin  is usually translated "Commander of the Faithful" or "Prince of the Faithful", but "Leader of the Believers" might be a better translation.
Middle Persian is the Middle Iranian language/ethnolect of Southwestern Iran that during Sassanid times  became a prestige dialect and so came to be spoken in other regions as well.
Devil's Dyke, or Devil's Ditch is an earthwork located in Cambridgeshire, England.
Scranton is a city in Pennsylvania.
Umayya ibn Abd Shams is the man, the clan of Banu Umayyad is named after.
Abd Manaf ibn Qusai  is the person, whom the clan of Banu Abd Manaf is named after.
__NOTOC__ .
Ghazi Tehsil is an administrative subdivision  of Haripur District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Haripur Tehsil is an administrative subdivision , of Haripur District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Lahor is a town and tehsil of Swabi District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Mandi Bahauddin Tehsil is an administrative subdivision  of Mandi Bahauddin District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
The Necronomicon is a fictional book of magic created by the horror writer H.
Occult refers to an area of knowledge or thought that is hidden.
Pandemic Studios is a video game developer with offices in Los Angeles, California and Brisbane, Australia.
A ghost town is a name for a city in which no one lives anymore.
A rain dance is a ceremonial dance.
Lice ,  are an order of wingless insects.
"The Adventures of Pinocchio"  is a book by Carlo Collodi, first published in 1883.
Mandi Bahauddin is the capital of Mandi Bahauddin District in Punjab, Pakistan.
Talagang is a city in Pakistan.
Arra is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.
Balkassar is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Choa Saidan Shah Tehsil and is located at 32°55'60N 72°39'0E .
Balokassar is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Choa Saidan Shah Tehsil.
Basharat is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Choa Saidan Shah Tehsil and is located at 32°46'60N 73°5'60E .
Terry Goodkind  is a famous writer from the U.S.
Begal is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 33°2'57N 72°39'11E .
Bharpur is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 32°51'0N 72°34'0E .
Bheen is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil.
Bhilomar is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Talagang Tehsil and is located at 32°43'60N 72°25'60E.
Bhoun is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil.
Bidher is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Talagang Tehsil.
Buchal Kalan is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.
Budhial is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.
Chak Malook is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 32°58'0N 72°57'0E .
Chak Umra is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil.
Choa Ganj Ali Shah is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 32°49'0N 73°5'60E .
Choa Saidanshah is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is located at 32°43'0N 72°58'60E It is a named after a man who was a famous Sufi.
Dab is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 33°0'0N 72°52'0E .
Dalwal is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Choa Saidan Shah Tehsil and is located at 32°42'0N 72°52'60E .
Dandot is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Choa Saidan Shah Tehsil and is located at 32°38'60N 72°58'0E .
Dhoular is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan and is part of Talagang Tehsil.
Dhudial is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil.
Dhurnal is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Talagang Tehsil and is located at 32°47'60N 72°5'60E.
Dullah is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.
Dulmial is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Choa Saidan Shah Tehsil and is located at 32°43'60N 72°55'0E.
Dumman is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil.
Jabbi Shah Dilawar is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Talagang Tehsil and is located at 33°5'36N 71°59'29E.
Jand is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 33°4'0N 73°7'60E.
Jand Khanzada is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 32°55'60N 73°5'60E.
The University of Texas at Austin is a public university in Austin, Texas.
Jassial is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Talagang Tehsil and is located at 33°1'40N 72°23'34E.
Jaswal is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 32°49'0N 72°58'0E.
Jhatla is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Talagang Tehsil and is located at 32°49'0N 72°22'60E.
Kallar Kahar is a town and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 32°46'60N 72°42'0E.
Karsal is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 33°2'30N 72°35'7E.
Karyala is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 32°49'60N 72°52'60E.
Texas A&M University is a public university in College Station, Texas.
Khairpur is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil.
Khotian is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 32°46'0N 73°7'0E.
Kot Choudrain is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil.
Kot Gullah is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.
Kot Gullah is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Talagang Tehsil.
Kot Sarang is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Talagang Tehsil and is located at 33°2'14N 72°23'11E.
Impala  is is a medium-sized African antelope.
The Biblical Mount Sinai is a mountain wrote about in the Old Testament.
Reconstructor is a program that allows anyone to customize an iso image of Ubuntu.
Centuries: 8th century - 9th century - 10th century Decades: 820s - 830s - 840s - 850s - 860s - 870s - 880s - 890s - 900s - 910s - 920s Years: 870 871 872 873 874 875 876 877 878 879 .
The University of the Incarnate Word is a private Catholic university in San Antonio, Texas, United States.
Texas State University-San Marcos is a public university in San Marcos, Texas, United States.
Northeastern State University  is a public university located in Tahlequah, Oklahoma, near the of the Ozark Mountains.
The University of Oklahoma, abbreviated OU, is a public university located in the Norman, Oklahoma, United States.
Cicadas are large bugs which make a loud noise.
Liège Airport, also called Liège-Bierset, is an important cargo airport in Belgium.
In Object-oriented programming, an object is an instance of a Class.
Object-Oriented Design  is a way to for the designer of a computer program to specify what a computer program will do, using the way that people think and not using the way that computers think.
Konkan is a part of India.
Triple J is a radio station from Australia.
Radovan Karadžić  is a former Serb politician.
A Common language specification is a document that says how computer programs can be turned into bytecode.
Constantine "Cus" D'Amato  was an American boxingtrainer.
Willi Auerswald  was a member of the German SS in the rank of a SS-Oberscharführer.
Baylor University is a private Baptist university in Waco, Texas, United States.
Texas Lutheran University is a private Lutheran university in Seguin, Texas, United States.
The Evergreen State College is a public college in Olympia, Washington, United States.
The Battle Of Berlin was one of the last big battles of Second World War.
The VMDK  is a file format used by VMware products.
The University of Texas at San Antonio is a public university in San Antonio, Texas, United States.
The NHL All-Star Teams were first named at the end of the 1930–31 NHL season, to honor the best performers over the season at each position.
The National Hockey League Players' Association or NHLPA is a labour union that represents the interests of the hockey players in the National Hockey League of North America.
The role of the United States in the Vietnam War began soon after the Second World War and escalated into full commitment during the Vietnam War .
Johann Altfuldisch,  was a member of the NSDAP and the Waffen-SS and one of the guards at the concentration camp Mauthausen.
Phalanges are bones in the human body.
The Alpaca  is a domesticated species of South American camelid.
Guy Rupert Berryman  is a Scottish guitarist.
The Mennonites are a group of Christian Anabaptists named after Menno Simons .
Anabaptist is a term to refer to certain Christian movements.
Hutterites are a group of Protestanŧ Christians.
Prairie View A&M University is a public university in Prairie View, Texas, United States.
VMware, Inc.
VMware ThinApp is a computer program that can make portable applications.
MediaFire is a free and unlimited file and image hosting web site located in Harris County, Texas, USA.
The University of Houston is a public university in Houston, Texas.
Acronis Inc, a company incorporated in Delaware, that produces hard disk utility software, including disk-imaging backup and recovery, partition management, boot management, and data migration software.
Acronis True Image is a program to make disk images.
"The Young Ones" was a popular British sitcom, first seen in 1982, on BBC2.
Napoléon III, also known as Louis-Napoléon Bonaparte was the first President of the French Republic and the only emperor of the Second French Empire.
The Chineja River is a tributary of the Prut River in Romania.
The Slivna River is a tributary of the Chineja River in Romania.
The Radiciu River is a tributary of the Chineja River in Romania.
The Bujoru River is a tributary of the Chineja River in Romania.
The Covurlui River is a tributary of the Chineja River in Romania.
The Ijdileni River is a tributary of the Chineja River in Romania.
The Ghireni River is a tributary of the Prut River in Romania.
The Corogea River is a tributary of the Prut River in Romania.
The Ponoara River or Boul Roşu River is a tributary of the Corogea River in Romania.
The Surina River is a tributary of the Ponoara River in Romania.
The Berza Veche River is a tributary of the Prut River in Romania.
The Cerchezoaia River is a tributary of the Prut River in Romania.
The Luizoaia River is a tributary of the Sitna River in Romania.
The Dresleuca River is a tributary of the Sitna River in Romania.
The Burla River is a tributary of the Sitna River in Romania.
The Puturosu River is a tributary of the Burla River in Romania.
The La Odaie River is a tributary of the Burla River in Romania.
The Valea Satului River is a tributary of the Burla River in Romania.
The Valea lui Hurjui River is a tributary of the Burla River in Romania.
The Zlătunoaia River is a tributary of the Cozancea River in Romania.
The Bucerdea River is a tributary of the Ampoi River in Romania.
The Ighiu River is a tributary of the Bucerdea River in Romania.
The Ţelna River is a tributary of the Ighiu River in Romania.
The Iezer River is a tributary of the Ighiu River in Romania.
The Ighiel River is a tributary of the Ighiu River in Romania.
Saint Joseph, it says in the Gospel of Matthew and the Gospel of Luke, was engaged to a young woman named Mary.
West Flanders  is the westernmost province of the Flemish Region, also named Flanders, in Belgium.
There are 25 bones of the foot.
Oneness Pentecostalism is a protestant Christian movement.
The Seventh-day Adventist  Church is a Protestant Christian group.
The Valea Petrei River is a tributary of the Ampoi River in Romania.
The Valea Albinei River is a tributary of the Ampoi River in Romania.
The Surduc River is a tributary of the Bicaz River in Romania.
The Secu River is a tributary of the Bicaz River in Romania.
The Floarea River or Pârâul Floarei is a tributary of the Bicaz River in Romania.
The Calul River is a tributary of the Veleşchia River in Romania.
The Jidanul River or Capra River or Râul Jidanului is a tributary of the Bicaz River in Romania.
The Danciu River is a tributary of the Jidanul River in Romania.
The Borvizu River is a tributary of the Jidanul River in Romania.
The Pintecu River is a tributary of the Jidanul River  in Romania.
The Bistra River is a tributary of the Jidanul River in Romania.
The Bistra Mare River is a headwater of the Bistra River in Romania.
The Largu River is a tributary of the Bistra Mare River in Romania.
The Frasin River is a tributary of the Bistra Mare River in Romania.
The Bistra Mică River is a headwater of the Bistra River in Romania.
The Frânturi River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania.
The Telec River is a tributary of the Jidanul River in Romania.
The Neagra River is a tributary of the Bicaz River in Romania.
The Neagra Mică River is a headwater of the Neagra River in Romania.
The Neagra Mare River is a headwater of the Neagra River in Romania.
The Hamzoaia River is a tributary of the Bicaz River in Romania.
The Lupa River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
The Poiana River is a tributary of the Vorona River in Romania.
The Glodeni River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
The Bahna River is a tributary of the Boca River in Romania.
The Daiciţa River is a tributary of the Boca River in Romania.
The Butea River is a tributary of the Daiciţa River in Romania.
The Carecna River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
The Vorova River is a tributary of the Dorna River in Romania.
The Prislop River is a tributary of the Vorova River in Romania.
The Secu River is a tributary of the Dorna River in Romania.
The Tihul River is a tributary of the Dorna River in Romania.
The Izvorul Alb River is a tributary of the Dorna River in Romania.
The Doljeşti River is a tributary of the Arinoasa River in Romania.
The Iezeru River is a tributary of the Sadova River in Romania.
The Rădvanu River is a headwater of the Argel River in Romania.
The Roşoşa River is a tributary of the Argel River in Romania.
The Breaza River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Plai River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Bârgău River is a tributary of the Boura River in Romania.
The Valea Caselor River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Brusturi River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Slatina River is a tributary of the Brusturi River in Romania.
The Târzia River or Groşi River is a tributary of the Brusturi River in Romania.
The Slutin River is a tributary of the Târzia River in Romania.
Linux is an operating system kernel used by a family of Unix-like operating systems.
Sebastian Vettel  is a German race car driver.
Sara Evans  is a traditional country singer born in Boonville, Missouri.
Felipe Massa  is a Brazilian Formula One racing driver.
Georg Cantor was an important German mathematician.
Pay-per-view  is a way that people can pay to watch events on television in their homes.
The cuboid bone is one of the seven tarsal  bones in the foot.
The talus is the second largest of the seven tarsal  bones.
Dacca District  is a district located in the centre of Bangladesh.
Proprietary  software is the opposite of Free software.
Dhaka Division is an administrative division of Bangladesh - a country of Asia.
Kala Dhaka which also used to known as the Black Mountain of Hazara is a mountain range and a tribal area of Mansehra District on the north-western Hazara border of the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Hazara is a valley and area of the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Muridke Tehsil is an administrative subdivision  of Sheikhupura District, Punjab, Pakistan.
Ratodero is a taluka of Larkana District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.
Swabi is a tehsil of Swabi District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Mehrgarh,  one of the most important Neolithic  sites in archaeology, lies on the Kachhi Plain of Balochistan, Pakistan.
With an area of, Romania is the biggest country in southeastern Europe.
Mohenjo-daro  was one of the largest city-settlements of the Indus Valley Civilization of south Asia.
The ancient site at Kot Diji  was the forerunner of the Indus Civilization.
Chanhudaro  is an archaeologicalsite.
This article provides only a brief outline of each period of the History of Romania; details are presented in separate articles .
Harappa  is a city in Punjab, northeast Pakistan.
While the National Hockey League  follows the general rules of ice hockey, it is slightly different from those used in international games organized by the International Ice Hockey Federation such as the Olympics.
Gilgit Agency was the name of most of the area of northern Kashmir which formed a de facto dependency of Pakistan from 1947 to 1970, which was then merged into Northern Areas.
Bakrani Taluka  is newly created taluka of Larkana.
Latifabad Taluka is an administrative subdivision  of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.
The Aar  is a tributary of the Rhine and is the longest river that both comes up from and ends completely inside of Switzerland.
Mehar Taluka is an administrative subdivision  of Dadu District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.
Qasimabad Taluka is an administrative subdivision  of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
ABB, formerly known as Asea Brown Boveri, is a power and automation company in Zürich, Switzerland.
Samaro is a town in the Sindh province of Pakistan.
Fatehpur Thakiala is one of the three tehsils, , of Kotli District, Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.
The Alamanni, Allemanni, or Alemanni used to be a band of west Germanic tribes found in the upper Main, which is the longest tributary of the Rhine.
Nakyal is one of the three tehsils, , of Kotli District, Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.
Sibi Tehsil  is a subdivision  of Sibi District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.
Schloss Lenzburg is a castle that was started above the older part of the town of Lenzburg in the Canton of Aargau, Switzerland.
Battagram Tehsil is an administrative subdivision  of Battagram District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
The A1 is a highway in Switzerland.
Dera Ismail Khan Tehsil is an administrative subdivision  of Dera Ismail Khan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Gojal, also known as Upper Hunza is the largest tehsil of the Northern Areas of Pakistan, it lies north of the Gilgit region and lies close to the Chinese border.
Chichawatni is a tehsil of Sahiwal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Gojra Tehsil is a subdivision  of Toba Tek Singh District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Jehanian Tehsil is a subdivision  of Khanewal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
The Guanaco  is camelid animal native to South America.
The vicuña  is one of two wild South American camelids.
"Nocturnes" is a piece of music for orchestra by the French composer Claude Debussy.
The Breaza River is a tributary of the Cibin River in Romania.
The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Cibin River in Romania.
The New Jersey Nets are a team in the National Basketball Association in East Rutherford, New Jersey.
The Cleveland Cavaliers are a team in the National Basketball Association in Cleveland, Ohio.
The Indiana Pacers are a team in the National Basketball Association in Indianapolis, Indiana.
The Washington Wizards are a team in the National Basketball Association in Washington, D.C..
The Orlando Magic are a team in the National Basketball Association in Orlando, Florida.
The Charlotte Bobcats are a team in the National Basketball Association in Charlotte, North Carolina.
The Denver Nuggets are a team in the National Basketball Association in Denver, Colorado.
The Memphis Grizzlies are a team in the National Basketball Association in Memphis, Tennessee.
The Los Angeles Clippers are a team in the National Basketball Association in Los Angeles, California.
Texas A&M University–Corpus Christi is a public university in Corpus Christi, Texas, United States.
Freedom of the press is a promise by a government not to punish journalists and other people who report the news for doing their job.
The Olympic Flame or Olympic Torch is a symbol of the Olympic Games.
Freedom of assembly and freedom of association, is the right to join together with others to reach common goals and common opinions, both in public and in private.
The Deia River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Lala River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Dobra River or Doabra River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Tocila River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Humor River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Larga River is a tributary of the Humor River in Romania.
The Iacob River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
The Moara Dracului River is a tributary of the Hogea River in Romania.
The Valea Cheii River is a tributary of the Gemenea River in Romania.
The Slătioara River is a tributary of the Gemenea River in Romania.
The Ciobanu River is a tributary of the Slătioara River in Romania.
The First Amendment to the United States Constitution is a part of the United States Bill of Rights that protects freedom of speech, freedom of religion, freedom of assembly, freedom of the press, and right to petition.
The Chiril River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
The Mămuca River is a tributary of the Isachea River in Romania.
The Muncelu River is a tributary of the Suha River in Romania.
The Ursoaia River is a tributary of the Suha River in Romania.
The Negrileasa River is a tributary of the Suha River in Romania.
The Runc River or Braniştea River is a tributary of the Suha River in Romania.
The Tulnic River is a tributary of the Runc River in Romania.
The Lucina River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
Parliamentary procedure is a set of rules for meetings.
The Arseneasca River or Arseneasa River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Colbu River or Izvorul Giumălăului River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Chilia River is a tributary of the Colbu River in Romania.
The Pârâul Şurii is a tributary of the Colbu River in Romania.
A militia is a group of people not in the military who do many things that the military does.
Pictures at an Exhibition is a famous piece of music for solo piano composed by Modest Mussorgsky in 1874.
Wine is an alcoholic beverage.
Themis is a Canadian gothic rock duo from Toronto, Ontario.
Wicca music or Wicca rock is music influenced by the Wicca religion and its beliefs relating to nature and conservation written by Wiccan musicians living in some of the most naturally beautiful forest regions of the world, in Canada.It is said by some to be an emerging sub-genre of alternative music Bands That Identify As Wicca Rock Musicians.
Themis Music is a Canadian music endeavour which includes a Wicca music group, a studio in Toronto, Ontario and a "Band Camp" retreat in Northern Ontario.
Wine is a piece of software which lets Unix-like computer operating systems on the x86 architecture to execute programs written for Microsoft Windows.
Carbon-12 is an isotope of Carbon.
Art rock  is a word that is about a sub-genre of rock music that has "experimental influences".
The MIT License is a free software license that was created at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
"Blender" is an American music magazine that self-identifies as "the ultimate guide to music and more." It is also known for sometimes having pictures of female celebrities that shows them with a lot of their body uncovered.
Discography is the study and listing of sound recordings.
Euplocephalus  was a large armored dinosaur, measuring about 20 feet  long; it weighed about 2 tons.
Progressive metal  is a sub-genre of heavy metal music that mixes the powerful, guitar-driven sound of metal with the complexity of progressive rock, which includes odd time signatures and complicated instrumental playing.
Mamenchisaurus was a long-necked, long-tailed, four-legged, plant-eating dinosaur.
Knoxville is the third-largest city in the state of Tennessee, in the United States of America.
"Così fan tutte" is an opera by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.
"Revolver" is a monthly hard rock and heavy metal magazine published by Future US.
The University of York is a university in the city of York, England.
A magazine's circulation is the number of copies it usually distributes for each issue.
Heinrich Cornelius Agrippa von Nettesheim  was a German occult writer, astrologer, and alchemist.
Paracelsus  was an alchemist, physician, astrologer, and general occultist.
Maurice de Bevere , better known as Morris, was a Belgian cartoonist and the creator of "Lucky Luke".
The Palos Verdes Blue butterfly is a small endangered butterfly that can be seen near the Palos Verdes Peninsula in southwest Los Angeles County, California.
Wingspan refers to the span of an airplane or a bird and is the distance from the left wingtip to the right wingtip.
Hypnagogia is a word used to describe the state between waking and sleep.
A talent agent, or booking agent, is a person who finds jobs for actors, musicians, models, and other people in different entertainment businesses.
Félix Houphouët-Boigny   was the first President of Côte d'Ivoire.
The University of Cambridge  is located in Cambridge, England.
Carpals are bones found in the hand.
The Orient Express is the name for a passenger train .
The sleeping car or sleeper is a part of a train with beds built in, mostly for making nighttime travel more restful.
This is a list of the Police forces in the United Kingdom and Northern Ireland.
Robert Christgau  is an American music journalist.
Texas A&M University–Kingsville is a public university in Kingsville, Texas, United States.
The 1932–33 NHL season was the 16th season of the National Hockey League.
The 1933–34 NHL season was the 17th season of the National Hockey League.
Passer rating  is a measure of how well a quarterback, or any other passer in American and Canadian football, played.
Mahratha Rashtra Parishad or Council of Maratha-speaking Indian state of Maharashtra, is a political party of India.
UK postal codes are known as postcodes.
The Chenab River  چن River') آب is formed by the confluence of the Chandra and Bhaga rivers at Tandi located in the upper Himalayas in the Lahul and Spiti District of Himachal Pradesh, Republic of India.
Jehlum River or Jhelum River  is the largest and most western of the five rivers of Punjab, and passes through Jhelum District.
The Nubra River is a tributary of the Shyok River, which flows into the Indus River.
The Ravi River  is a river in Kashmir and Pakistan.
The Shingo River is a tributary of the Suru River , and flows through the Ladakh region of Indian Occupied Kshmir.
A gnome is a mythical creature characterized by its extremely small size and subterranean free lifestyle.
The Iranian women's movement, also called the "Persian women's movement", involves Iranian women's social movement for women's rights.
Polly Pocket is a line of small plastic dolls and accessories for girls.
Juliet Burke is the name of a fictional character, a main character on the ABC's TV series "Lost".
The Shyok River is a river flowing through Ladakh and the disputed Northern Areas of Pakistan .
The Suru River is a river in Indian Occupied Kashmir that forms the western and northern boundary of the Zanskar Range, it takes birth from the waters of Nunkun peak in its skirts flows to the north of Kargil and empties into the Indus River.
Tawi is a river that flows through the city of Jammu, Kashmir.
The Zanskar Gorge is found in the Zanskar region of Indian-Occupied Kashmir .
The Gilgit River  is a tributary of the Indus River, and flows past the town of Gilgit.
Gomal River  is a river in Afghanistan and Pakistan, with its headwaters in the south-east of Ghazni.
Hub River  is located in Lasbela, Balochistan, Pakistan.
Hungol River or Hingol River  is located in Makran, Balochistan, Pakistan.
The Swaan River  is the most important stream of the Pothohar region of Pakistan.
Kundar River is located in Balochistan, Pakistan.
Kunhar River  is located in North-West Frontier Province, Pakistan.
The Kurrum River or Karam River  flows in the Kurrum Valley, stretching across the Afghan-Pakistani border west to east  at, about 150 km west-to-south-west of the Khyber Pass.
Lyari River  is a small ephemeral stream that flows through the Pakistani megacity of Karachi from north east to the center and drains into the Arabian Sea at the Monora channel.
Malir River  is located in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.
The Panjkora River rises rises high in the Hindu Kush at lat.
Wisent name for the European bison  is a bison species and the heaviest surviving animal in Europe.
Panjnad River   is a river in Punjab, Pakistan.
The Sutlej River   is the longest of the five rivers that flow through the region of Punjab in northern Republic of India and Pakistan.
Zhob River  is located in Balochistan, Pakistan.
Hunza River  is the main river in Hunza, in the Northern Areas of Pakistan.
Kabul River, or Kabal River , is a river that rises in the Sanglakh Range in Afghanistan, separated from the watershed of the Helmand by the Unai Pass.
The Kunar River  is about 480 km long, located in eastern Afghanistan and north-western Pakistan.
The Rupal River is an east-west glacial stream rising from the meltwater of the Rupal Glacier in northern Pakistan.
Soan River  is a river in Punjab, Pakistan.
The Sohan is a river of northern Pakistan located in Punjab province.
"The Fox and the Hound 2" is a 2006 direct-to-video midquel to the 1981 Disney animated movie"The Fox and the Hound".
A movie that is released direct-to-video  is one which has been released to the public on home video formats  before or without being released in movie theaters or broadcast on television.
This is a list of feature-length movies produced by Walt Disney Productions/The Walt Disney Company that were released directly to video with no theatrical run.
A Perfect Circle, often called APC by fans, is an alternative rock band.
UNetbootin  is a cross-platform utility that can create Linux Live USB drives and can load a variety of system utilities or install various Linux distributions and other operating systems without a CD.
Official canon.
The Live USB system creator is to tool designed to create Live USBs of Ubuntu from a running Ubuntu Live CD .
The Fedora Live USB creator is an official tool designed to create Live USBs of Fedora.
The University of Texas at Arlington is a public university in Arlington, Texas.
The Old Persian language is one of the two attested Old Iranian languages .
"8 Eyes" is a 1988 video game created by Thinking Rabbit for the Nintendo Entertainment System.
Palos Verdes is often used to refer to a group of coastal cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula in the Los Angeles/South Bay area of California.
"P.U.N.K.S." is a 1999 movie starring Jessica Alba and Randy Quaid.
Troy  is a legendary city and center of the Trojan War, as told in the Epic Cycle as well as the "Iliad", one of the two epic poems thought to be written by Homer.
Federal Information Processing Standards  are standards made by the United States Federal government for non-military government agencies and by government contractors to use, and they are announced to the public.
A maggot is the common name of the larval phase of development in insects of the order Diptera .
"Undertow" is Tool's first full-length album, released in 1993.
The Princess Beatrice  Princess Henry of Battenberg; April 14, 1857 – October 26, 1944) was a member of the British Royal Family.
Xbox Live is the online gaming service for the Xbox and Xbox 360.
Zanskar River has two branches of origin.
The Xbox Live Vision is a webcam designed for the Xbox 360 and Xbox Live.
Arutunian Trumpet Concerto is Armenian composer Alexander Arutunian’s sixth major composition.
Alexander Arutiunian (b.
Epicurus   was an ancient Greek philosopher and the founder of the school of philosophy called Epicureanism.
"The Hundred and One Dalmatians, or the Great Dog Robbery" is a 1956 children's novel by Dodie Smith.
Coulomb's law is a function developed in the 1780s by physicist Charles Augustin de Coulomb.
In Irish mythology, a leprechaun  is a type of male faerie said to live in the island Ireland.
The Greater Middle East  is a political term coined by the Bush administration to englobe together various countries, pertaining to the Arab world and Iran, marginal countries such as Afghanistan and Pakistan and Kashmir.
The Asian Snake-eyed Skink  is a species of skink.
"Crosswords DS"  is a crosswords video game made by Nuevo Retro Games and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS game console.
Fedora Unity is a community project to build comprehensive and concise websites and content that provide Fedora users and contributors with quality information.
"Picross DS" is a puzzle video game made by Jupiter and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS game console.
A text box is a box that people type things into on the computer.
A free agent is a professional sports player whose contract has expired with the team he or she is on.
An out in baseball happens to the pitcher in a game.
A run in baseball is when a player on a team scores.
Maxis Software is an American company that was founded as a video game developer and is now a brand name of Electronic Arts .
Underwater is a term telling what is below the surface of a body of water such as an ocean, sea, lake, pond, or river.
Hereford cattle are a widely used breed in temperate areas, mainly for beef production.
Beef cattle are cattle raised for meat production .
The Roman army was a set of military forces employed by the Roman Kingdom, Roman Republic and later Roman Empire as part of the Roman military.
Tierpark Hagenbeck  is the name of the largest zoo in Hamburg, Germany.
Ronno is a village and commune of the Rhône department of central-eastern France.
Ultamatix is a computer program to install other programs on Ubuntu and Debian-based distributions.
In music, a cover is a new performance or recording of a song.
Admiral Arthur Phillip RN  was a British naval officer.
William Laird "Bill" Cowher  is a former American football coach and player.
The Halting problem is a problem from Decidability theory.
Largentière  is a commune and sub-prefecture of the Ardèche department in the Rhône-Alpes region in eastern France.
Tucumcari is a city in the U.S.
Tauriers is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Thueyts is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Usclades-et-Rieutord is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Uzer is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Vagnas is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Valgorge is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Vals-les-Bains is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Valvignères is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Vernon is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Vesseaux is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Veyras is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Coucouron is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
The Scottish Fold – sometimes called Coupari by Canadian breeders – is a breed of cat with a natural dominant-gene mutation that makes its ear cartilage contain a fold, causing the ears bend forward and down towards the front of their head, giving the cat what is often described as an "owl-like" appearance.
"The Sims 3" is a computer game for Microsoft Windows.
Bradford Phillip "Brad" Delson  is the lead guitarist of alternative rock band Linkin Park.
Charlton Heston  was an American actor.
Ambush marketing is a form of marketing.
Al-Mustansir II of Cairo was an Abbasid Caliph of Cairo, Egypt for the Mamluk Sultans between 1261 and 1262.
The University of Texas at El Paso is a public university in El Paso, Texas, United States.
The Achaemenid Empire or Achaemenid Persian Empire   was the first of the Persian Empires to rule over significant portions of Greater Iran, and followed the Median Empire as the second great empire of the Iranian Peoples.
A vexilloid has the same functions as a flag but mostly it looks different.
The Walt Disney Gold Classics Collection is a line of videos and DVDs released by The Walt Disney Company which ran from 2000 to 2001.
"The Dark Knight" is a 2008 movie.
In Greek Mythology, a Gorgon was a female monster that had fangs and serpents for hair with bronze claws.
"As the World Turns"  is an American television soap opera that airs each weekday on CBS.
The Mexican Grey Wolf is a wolf and one of the rarest subspecies of the Grey Wolf.
A Live USB is a USB flash drive that contains a full operating system.
A car accident is when one or more cars crash into something.
Malden is a suburban city in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States.
Gary Bettman  is he current commissioner of the National Hockey League.
"EarthBound", known in Japan as, is a role-playing video game series made by Nintendo, Ape, Inc., HAL Laboratory, and Brownie Brown.
The Australian Recording Industry Association  is a group that represents the music industry in Australia.
Microsoft Excel  is a proprietary spreadsheet program made by Microsoft.
Villeneuve-de-Berg is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Astro Nusantara is a satellite television service in Indonesia.
Oxnard is the largest city in Ventura County, California because of it's population.
Real Madrid is a Spanish basketball team.
Vinezac is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Vogüé is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Chirols is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Chomérac is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Creysseilles is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Cros-de-Géorand is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Duane Allman  was an American musician and lead guitarist of the southern rock group, the Allman Brothers Band.
Nomenclature may mean a set or system of names or terms used by one person or by a community.
Saint-Étienne is a city in France.
Darbres is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Julien-en-Saint-Alban is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Julien-Labrousse is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Julien-le-Roux is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Melbourne, Victoria, Australia has lots of transport contentions by air, sea, and on land.
Dompnac is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Dunière-sur-Eyrieux is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Fabras is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Faugères is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Flaviac is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
The National Hockey League  is a professional sports organization.
"Destroy All Humans!" is a shooting adventure video game developed by Pandemic Studios and published by THQ.
Thylacinidae are family were all carnivorous marsupials from the order Dasyuromorphia.
Badjcinus  was an animal that belonged to the extinct marsupial family Thylacinidae.
Thylacinus is a genus of extinct carnivorous marsupials from the order Dasyuromorphia.
The Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics,  for the French nomenclature d'unités territoriales statistiques, is a geocode standard that shows the administrative divisions of countries for statistical purposes.
Fire blight is a serious disease of rosaceous plants While Pectobacteria are soft rotting Erwinias are necrogenic bacteria.
Michael Ellis DeBakey  was an American heart surgeon who was considered to be a very important name in his area.
"Fire Emblem" is a series of video games made by Intelligent Systems.
Caitlin is a female given name.
"12 Angry Men" is an American drama movie made by Sidney Lumet and starring Henry Fonda and Reginald Rose.
"BioShock" is a first person shooter/Horror video game made by 2K Games for the Xbox 360, Windows, and PlayStation 3 game consoles.
A dilemma  is a problem with at least two solutions or possibilities.
Hapkido  is a Korean martial art.
The Royal Society of London for the Improvement of Natural Knowledge, known also as The Royal Society, is a learned society for science that was founded in 1660 and is the oldest society of its kind still in existence.
Fons is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Freyssenet is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Genestelle is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Gilhac-et-Bruzac is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Gluiras is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Gourdon is a commune in of the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
You Am I is a band from Sydney, Australia.
The Italian Grand Prix  is one of the longest running motor racing events.
Vodafone is a mobile phone network operator.
Bratz are a brand of dolls with large heads.
A game engine is used to power video games.
Mitsubishi is a big Japanese company that makes airplanes, cars, and other things.
Mitsubishi Motors is the part of the Japanese company Mitsubishi that makes cars.
Autodromo Nazionale Monza is a motorsport race track.
Abe Vigoda  is an actor in both television and movie.
The 924 Gilman Street project, used to be called the Alternative Music Foundation, is the Berkeley, California street address and official business name of the all-ages, non-profit, music club called "Gilman." .
Big Bird is a muppet character on the children's television show "Sesame Street".
"Nimrod" is the fifth album by the punk rock band Green Day, released on October 14, 1997 on Reprise Records.
"Insomniac" is the fourth studio album from the punk rock band Green Day.
"Warning" is the sixth full length album by Green Day, released in 2000.
The Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album is an award given to an album that is the best alternative album of the year.
Rock operas, concept albums, song cycles and oratorios all are not the same from a rock album, which usually has songs that are unrelated to each other in storyline.
The Record of the Year is one of the four most special Grammy Awards given every year.
Ole Gunnar Solskjær  is a Norwegian former footballer who played most of his career for Manchester United F.C.
The Grammy Award for Best Rock Album has been awarded since 1995.
The "Boulevard of Broken Dreams" means the Sunset Boulevard, because of its historically having both the primary location for live entertainment in the Los Angeles, California and a red-light district.
"Boulevard of Broken Dreams" is a song by American punk rock band Green Day, from their seventh studio album, "American Idiot".
Vallejo  is a city in Solano County, California, United States.
Isocracy was a punk rock band from the United States Berkeley-area that formed in 1986.
George Best  was a Northern Irish footballer who played many years for Manchester United.
John Kiffmeyer  was the original drummer for the punk rock band Green Day, and used to be the drummer for Isocracy.
A business manager is a person who manages the work of others in order to run a business.
Lookout! Records is an independent record label based in Berkeley, California.
Larry Livermore  is an American musician, record producer, and music journalist.
"1,000 Hours" is the first release from American punk rock band Green Day and the first of several releases for the independent record label Lookout! Records.
"Young Hercules" is a spin-off from '.
Sweet Baby  was a pop punk.
The East Bay is a subregion of the San Francisco Bay Area, California, United States.
Liberation theology is a movent within the theology of Christianity.
Promotion and relegation are terms used in many sports.
The Scottish Football Association Challenge Cup  is the national football cup competition of Scotland.
Setanta Sports  is an Irish sports broadcaster, operating 12 channels in 24 countries.
This is a list of the results from the second year/cycle of the reality television series "America's Next Top Model".
Crissiumal is a municipality in the state Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.
That very day two of them were going to a village  sixty stadia away from Jerusalem called Emmaus, and they were speaking about all the things that had occurred.
Alexander III , King of Scots, was born at Roxburgh on 4 September 1241 and died on 19 March, 1286.
Gras is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Suceava  is a county  of Romania in the historical regions Moldova and Bukovina.
Gravières is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Grospierres is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Issamoulenc is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Issanlas is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Issarlès is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Joannas is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Juvinas is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
La Souche is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Labastide-de-Virac is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Labastide-sur-Bésorgues is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Labeaume is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Greek numerals are a system of representing numbers using letters of the Greek alphabet.
Harlan Jay Ellison  is an award-winning American writer of short stories, novellas, teleplays, essays, and criticism.
The system of Hebrew numerals is a quasi-decimal alphabetic numeral system using the letters of the Hebrew alphabet.
George Raymond Richard Martin , is an American writer of fantasy, horror, and science fiction.
Dying of the Light is a 1977 science fiction book that was written by George R.
Windhaven is a science-fiction and fantasy book that was written by both George R.R.
"Fevre Dream" is a book written by George R.
ChatZilla is an IRC client made by Mozilla that is free of charge.
"A Song of Ice and Fire" is an award-winning series of fantasy books that were written by American author George R.
 Bernera ) is an island in the Outer Hebrides in Scotland.
"Hercules and the Amazon Women" is a 1994 television movie starring Kevin Sorbo and Michael Hurst.
"Hercules and the Lost Kingdom" is a 1994 television movie starring Kevin Sorbo and Renee O'Connor.
"Treasure Island" is an 1883 novel written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
"Hercules and the Circle of Fire" is a made for television movie.
The Paleozoic  is s the beginning of an explosion of life forms.
Eyes Wide Shut is a 1999 movie directed by Stanley Kubrick and starring Nicole Kidman and Tom Cruise.
Edna Scott Parker  is an American woman who was the oldest living documented person from the death of Yone Minagawa on August 13, 2007 until November 26, 2008.
"Treasure Island" is an adventure novel by Scottish author Robert Louis Stevenson.
"39/Smooth" was released as the debut album by Green Day in 1990 on Lookout! Records on vinyl and cassette.
"Slappy" is the second EP by Green Day, and was released on Lookout! Records in the summer of 1990 on seven-inch vinyl Track listing.
Savate, also known as "boxe française"  or French kickboxing, is a French martial art - a kind of "boxe pieds-poings" - which use the hands and the feet as weapons and includes elements of Western boxing, techniques of grappling and techniques of leg .
"Sweet Children" is the third EP released by punk rock band Green Day.
"1,039/Smoothed Out Slappy Hours" is a collection of early recordings by American punk rock band, Green Day.
Juan Diego Flórez  is a Peruvian operatic tenor.
The Lookouts were an American punk rock band from 1985 to 1990.
"Kerplunk"  is the second full-length album by punk rock band Green Day.
Cerium is a chemical element with an atomic number of 58.
The hallux, also called the big toe, is the toe innermost  of the foot.
Laurence "Larry" Wachowski  and Andrew Paul "Andy" Wachowski , known together as The Wachowski Brothers'", are American movie directors, writers and producers, most famous for creating "The Matrix" series.
"V for Vendetta" is a ten-issue graphic comic book series written by Alan Moore and illustrated mostly by David Lloyd, set in a dystopian future United Kingdom imagined from the 1980s about the 1990s.
The Mozilla Foundation is a non-profit organization that was created to support and give leadership for the open source Mozilla project.
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky wrote the Festival Overture "The Year 1812" in E major, Op.
Guy Fawkes  sometimes known as Guido Fawkes, was a member of a group of Roman Catholic revolutionaries from England who planned to carry out the Gunpowder Plot.
A graphic novel is a type of comic book usually with a long and complex storyline similar to those of novels.
The Green Party was founded on April 28 2002 and since has been active in local politics.
Alan Moore  is an English writer most famous for his influential work in comics, including the acclaimed graphic novels "Watchmen", "V for Vendetta" and "From Hell".
The Islamabad Capital Territory  is one of the two federal territories of Pakistan.
Lablachère is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Laboule is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Lachamp-Raphaël is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Lachapelle-Graillouse is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
India has 23 official languages.
"The Matrix Revolutions" is a 2003 movie that was written and directed by the Wachowski brothers.
"Hercules in the Underworld" is the fourth made for TV movie in the series '.
Lagorce is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Lanarce is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
"Hercules in the Maze of the Minotaur" is the fifith made for TV movie in the series '.
Lanas is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Larnas is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Laurac-en-Vivarais is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Marzahn is a locality within the borough Marzahn-Hellersdorf of Berlin.
"Helicobacter pylori" ("H.
Schöneberg is a locality of Berlin.
Kevin David Sorbo  is an American actor best known for the roles of Hercules on ' and Captain Dylan Hunt in Andromeda.
Oscar Ribeiro de Almeida Niemeyer Soares Filho  is a Brazilian architect who is thought to be a very important name in worldwide modern architecture.
The Royal Ontario Museum, commonly known as the ROM, is a major museum for culture and natural history in the city of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
A centenarian is a person who has lived to be at least 100.
Laval-d'Aurelle is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Laveyrune is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Lavillatte is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Laviolle is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France with a population of 130 as of 1999.
Le Lac-d'Issarlès is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Le Plagnal is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Le Roux is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Le Teil is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Lentillères is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Les Ollières-sur-Eyrieux is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Les Salelles is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Les Vans is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Lespéron is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Loubaresse is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Auguste Comte  was a French thinker who was one from founders of sociology  and positivism.
George Berkeley  , also known as Bishop Berkeley, was a philosopher.
Colombier-le-Vieux is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Colombier-le-Vieux is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Bakot is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Baldheri is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan, the union council of Baldheri is named after the main village of the area.
Lussas is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Bandi Atai Khan  is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Lyas is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Malarce-sur-la-Thines is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Malbosc is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Banda Pir Khan is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in North-West Frontier Province, Pakistan.
Berin Gali  is a Union Council of Abbottabad District, in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Birote Kalan is one of the 51 Union councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Boi is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan, Boi means fragrance of roses.
Chamad  is one of the 51 Union Councils  of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Dalola is one of the 51 Union Councils  of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan..
Dewal Manal is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Garhi Phulgran is one of the 51 Union Councils  of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan..
Goreeni is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Haveliani Urban is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
The Union Council of Jarral is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Marcols-les-Eaux is a commune in the Ardèche "département" of southern France.
Mayres is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Mazan-l'Abbaye is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Meyras is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Meysse is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Mirabel is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Montpezat-sous-Bauzon is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Montréal is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Montselgues is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Sanilhac is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Colombier-le-Cardinal is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Colombier-le-Jeune is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Le Crestet is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Mézilhac is a commune in the Ardèche department and Rhône-Alpes region of France.
Sampzon is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Salavas is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Orgnac-l'Aven is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Payzac is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Planzolles is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
"L'incoronazione di Poppea"  is an opera in three acts by Claudio Monteverdi.
Queen's Park Football Club is a famous football club based in Glasgow, Scotland, and is the oldest football club in Scotland, founded in 1867, and the oldest outside of England and Wales.
Jhangi is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Jhangra is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Kakul is a town in the Kakul Valley of the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Kehal Urban is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Kukmang is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Kothiala is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Kuthwal is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Langra is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Langrial is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Lora is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Murree is a city in the Rawalpindi District of Punjab, Pakistan.
Malikpura Urban is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Mirpur is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Mojohan is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Nagri Bala is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Nagri Tutial  is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Nambal is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Namli Maira is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Nara is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Nathia Gali or Nathiagali  is one of the mountain holiday towns of the Galyat area of Pakistan.
The Irn-Bru Scottish Football League First Division Championship  is a professional football competition in Scotland.
The Fibonacci numbers are a sequence of numbers in mathematics named after Leonardo of Pisa, known as Fibonacci.
Pont-de-Labeaume is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Pourchères is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Prades is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Pradons is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
The Trans-Karakoram Tract is an area of nearly 5,800 km² that, India claims, was transferred by a border agreement from the Pakistani-administered Northern Areas to China in 1963 with the proviso that the settlement was subject to the final solution of the Kashmir dispute.
Pranles is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Prunet is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Péreyres is a commune in the Ardèche department and Rhône-Alpes region of France.
The Shaksgam Valley is an area of Baltistan District, ceded by Pakistan to the People's Republic of China on March 3 in 1963 pending the settlement of the dispute over Kashmir.
Ribes is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Rochecolombe is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Rocher is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Rochessauve is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Rocles is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Rompon is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Sablières is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Sagnes-et-Goudoulet is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Alban-Auriolles is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Alban-en-Montagne is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-André-Lachamp is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
The Dead Sea Scrolls consist of about 1,000 documents, including texts from the Hebrew Bible, discovered between 1947 and 1979 in eleven caves in and around the Wadi Qumran  in the West Bank.
Saint-Montan is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Andéol-de-Berg is a commune in the Ardèche department and Rhône-Alpes region of France.
Saint-Andéol-de-Vals is a commune in the Ardèche department and Rhône-Alpes region of France.
Saint-Bauzile is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Cierge-la-Serre is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in the Rhône Valley in southern France.
Saint-Cirgues-de-Prades is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Cirgues-en-Montagne is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Didier-sous-Aubenas is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Genest-de-Beauzon is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Fortunat-sur-Eyrieux is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Georges-les-Bains is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Germain is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Gineis-en-Coiron is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Jean-le-Centenier is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Joseph-des-Bancs is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Julien-du-Gua is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Lager-Bressac is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Oak Creek Township is one of twenty-four townships in Saunders County, Nebraska, United States.
Buzzcocks are a punk rock band from Manchester, England.
Dysprosium  is a chemical element with the symbol Dy and atomic number 66.
Anti-Flag is a punk rock band from Pittsburgh.
New York Dolls are a glam punk band from New York, New York.
Dead Milkmen were a punk band from Philadelphia.
The Donnas were a hard rock band from Palo Alto, California.
Weezer is a Power pop band from Los Angeles.
Jefferson Airplane was a Psychedelic rock band from San Francisco.
Elected county officials.
Nawansher Urban is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
4chan is an English language imageboard website based on the Japanese Futaba Channel.
Palak is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Palak Muchhal is teenager singer from Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India.
Pattan Kalan is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Dysnomia is a moon of the dwarf planet Eris.
Pawa is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Phalkot is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Trans Neptunian Object or TNO is a name astronomers give to anything that orbits or goes around the Sun beyond the planet Neptune but it is not big enough to be a planet or a moon.
Phalla is a Union Council of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province, Pakistan.
Pind Kargu Khan is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan it is located 35km from Abbottabad city.
Salhad is one of the 51 Union Councils  of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Sarbhana is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
An Asteroid Moon is an asteroid that orbits or goes around another asteroid.
Sheikhul Bandi is one of the 51 Union Council  of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Sherwan is a Union Council of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan, it is located 35km west of the city of Abbottabad.
Tajwal is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Medical stress can be defined as change in body's normal internal balance which leads to a number of hormonal and neurological responses so that normal balance is restored.Stress can result from both internal factorsor external stimuli.These factors can be both positive(e.g.
A parody mass is a musical setting of the mass that uses melodies from other musical works.
Interstate 4 is a 100 mile highway in state of Florida.
Interstate 12 is a 85 mile long route in Louisiana both connecting Interstate 10.
Robert Tear  is a Welsh tenor and conductor.
Reneé O'Connor  is an American actress, producer and director best known for playing the role of Gabrielle on the TV series ' from 1995 to 2001.
Michael Eric Hurst,  is a New Zealand actor, director and writer.
"4 Baruch", also called "Paraleipomena of Jeremiah" , contains the Rest of the Words of Baruch and the Epistle of Jeremy.
Erbium  is an element on the periodic table with the symbol Er and atomic number 68.
The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Izvorul Alb River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Limpedea River is a tributary of the Izvorul Alb River in Romania.
The Izvorul Malului River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Gerului River  is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
The Greaca River is a tributary of the Lozova River in Romania.
The Valea lui Odobescu River is a tributary of the Greaca River in Romania.
The Negrea River is a tributary of the Lozova River in Romania.
The Suhurlui River is a tributary of the Gerului River in Romania.
The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Suhurlui River in Romania.
The Suhului is a tributary of the Suhurlui River in Romania.
The Valea Satului River is a tributary of the Suhurlui River in Romania.
The Valea Vacii River is a tributary of the Suhurlui River in Romania.
A Metroids is an alien in the "Metroid" series.
The "Trauma Center" series is a series of video games released for the Nintendo DS and Wii game consoles.
Robert Downey Jr.
"Heart and Souls" is a 1993 movie.
"Entertainment Weekly" is a magazine published by Time Warner in the United States.
An International Standard Serial Number  is an eight-digit number used to identify a print or electronic periodical publication.
Synonyms in taxonomy are similar to normal synonyms.
A review is an evaluation of a publication, such as a movie, video game, musical composition, book, or a piece of hardware like a car, appliance, or computer.
Saint-Julien-du-Serre is a commune in the Ardèche département in southern France.
Saint-Just, also called Saint-Just-d'Ardèche, is a "commune" in the Ardèche département in southern France.
Saint-Martin-sur-Lavezon is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Laurent-les-Bains is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Laurent-sous-Coiron is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Marcel-d'Ardèche is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Martin-d'Ardèche is a commune in the "département" of Ardèche in southern France.
Saint-Maurice-d'Ardèche is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Maurice-d'Ibie is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Michel-de-Boulogne is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Michel-de-Chabrillanoux is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Mélany is a commune in the Ardèche department and Rhône-Alpes region of France.
Saint-Laurent-du-Pape is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Europium is a chemical element.
Saint-Paul-le-Jeune is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Pierre-Saint-Jean is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Pierre-de-Colombier is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Pierre-la-Roche is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Pierreville is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Pons is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Priest is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Privat is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Remèze is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Sauveur-de-Cruzières is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Sauveur-de-Montagut is a commune of the Ardèche "département", in southern France.
Saint-Sernin is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Promethium is a chemical element that has the symbol Pm on the periodic table.
Praseodymium is a chemical element that has the symbol Pr on the periodic table.
Neodymium is a chemical element that has the symbol Nd on the periodic table.
Samarium is a chemical element that has the symbol Sm on the periodic table.
Neptunium is a chemical element that has the symbol Np on the periodic table.
This is a chronological list of pay-per-views promoted by World Wrestling Entertainment .
Terbium is a chemical element that has the symbol Tb on the periodic table.
Sainte-Marguerite-Lafigère is a village and commune in the Ardèche "département" of southern-central France.
Sainte-Eulalie is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Étienne-de-Serre is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Étienne-de-Lugdarès is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Symphorien-sous-Chomérac is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Thomé is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Vincent-de-Barrès is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Vincent-de-Durfort is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Étienne-de-Boulogne is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Étienne-de-Fontbellon is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Uesugi Harunori  was a Japanese daimyo.
Devesset is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Dornas is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Empurany is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Gilhoc-sur-Ormèze is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Glun is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Intres is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Jaunac is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
La Rochette is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Labatie-d'Andaure is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Lachapelle-sous-Chanéac is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Lalouvesc is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Lemps is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Limony is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Mariac is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Mars is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Monestier is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Eclassan is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Lafarre is a commune of the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Étables is a commune in the Ardèche department in the Rhône-Alpes region in southern France.
The Siachen Glacier is located in the eastern Karakoram range in the Himalaya Mountains along the disputed India-Pakistan border at approximately.
The Bible is a collection of texts.
Bengal monitor , also known as the Common Indian Monitor, is a monitor lizard found throughout Bangladesh, India and Pakistan.
Nonières is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
The Indian Chameleon, "Chamaeleo zeylanicus" is a species of chameleon found in Sri Lanka, India and other parts of South Asia.
Nozières is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Ozon is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Pailharès is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Peaugres is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Peyraud is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Agrève is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Roiffieux is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Rochepaule is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Préaux is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Plats is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in the southern part of France.
Petanque is a game played in France by many people.
Saint-Barthélemy-le-Plain is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Barthélemy-le-Meil is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Barthélemy-Grozon is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Apollinaire-de-Rias is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Andéol-de-Fourchades is a commune in the Ardèche department and Rhône-Alpes region of France.
Saint-André-en-Vivarais is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Alban-d'Ay is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
R.E.M.
Limp Bizkit is a nu metal band from Jacksonville, Florida.
XChat is a popular IRC client.
Status Quo, also known as The Quo or just Quo, is a rock band from England.
Funkadelic was a funk band from the United States.
Iron Butterfly is a Psychedelic rock band from San Diego, California.
Freenode is a a server that a user can go on to chat on IRC.
The Dice snake  is a European non-venomous snake belonging to the family of Colubridae, subfamily Natricinae.
The Cars are a rock band from Boston.
Mibbit is an online IRC client that is free of charge.
Holmium  is a chemical element with the symbol Ho and atomic number 67.
Pjirc is an IRC client.
Gabrielle is a fictional character in ', played by Renée O'Connor.
Saint-Basile is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
The Original Six is a well-known term for the group of six teams that composed the National Hockey League  for the 25 seasons between the 1942-43 NHL season and the 1967 NHL Expansion.
Verona Rupes is a cliff on Miranda, a moon of Uranus.
Saint-Christol is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Cierge-sous-le-Cheylard is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Clair is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Clément is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Cyr is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Désirat is a commune in the Ardèche department and Rhône-Alpes region of France.
Saint-Félicien is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Jeure-d'Ay is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Genest-Lachamp is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Jacques-d'Atticieux is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Jean-Chambre is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Jean-Roure is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Jean-de-Muzols is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Jeure-d'Andaure is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
is a fighting video game made by Namco Bandai for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 game consoles.
is a fighting video game made by Namco for the PlayStation 2 game console and the Arcades.
Saint-Julien-Vocance is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Marcel-lès-Annonay is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Martial is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Martin-de-Valamas is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Maurice-en-Chalencon is a commune of the Ardèche "département" in the southern part of France.
Saint-Michel-d'Aurance is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Julien-Boutières is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
is a fighting video game made by Namco for the Arcades, as well as the GameCube, PlayStation 2, and Xbox game consoles.
Lilian Annette García  is an American singer and ring announcer.
"The Orange Box" is a video game compilation for Microsoft Windows, the Xbox 360, and the PlayStation 3.
Citizendium  is an English-language wiki-based online encyclopedia launched by Larry Sanger in 2007.
"Resident Evil 5", known in Japan as, is a survival horror video game being made by Capcom for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 game consoles.
The Perişani River is a tributary of the Suhurlui River in Romania.
The Gologanu River or Gologan River is a tributary of the Gerului River in Romania.
The Geruşiţa River is a tributary of the Gerului River in Romania.
The Vameş River is a tributary of the Gerului River in Romania.
The Pârâul Mare is a tributary of the Verehia River in Romania.
The Grămeşti River is a tributary of the Verehia River in Romania.
The Pârâul Roşu is a tributary of the Vorona River in Romania.
The Sihăstria River is a tributary of the Vorona River in Romania.
The Pârâul Satului is a tributary of the Vorona River in Romania.
The Chişcovata River is a tributary of the Vorona River in Romania.
The Bilca Mare River is a tributary of the Suceava River.
The Bilca Mică River is a tributary of the Bilca Mare River in Romania.
The Dragomirna River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
The Stupinica River or Sludnica River is a tributary of the Brodina River in Romania.
The Cununschi River is a tributary of the Brodina River in Romania.
The Brodinişoara River is a tributary of the Brodina River in Romania.
The Falcău River is a tributary of the Suceava River.
The Cimirnariu River is a tributary of the Falcău River.
The Râul Târgului or Pârâul Târgului is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
The Soloneţ River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
The Cajvana River is a tributary of the Soloneţ River in Romania.
The Botoşana River is a tributary of the Soloneţ River in Romania.
Crişul Repede  or Sebes-Körös  is a river in Bihor county, Crişana, Romania and in the southeastern part of Hungary.
Körös  is the name of a river in the eastern part of Hungary.
The Zglacu River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania.
The Tilpe River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania.
The Iedul River or Ieduţul River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania.
The Iadolina River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania.
The Runcu River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania.
The Guga River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania.
The Servinoasa River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania.
The Valea Izvorului River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania.
A chicano is a man who has a mixed ancestry and/or citizenship of the United States and usually Mexico.
The Spinoasa River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania.
The Iad River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
"Dark Cloud 2", known in Japan and PAL regions as, is a role-playing video game made by Level-5 and released by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 2 game console.
The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania.
The Valea Curii River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania.
The Valea Lupului River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania.
The Valea Lupului River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania.
The Capra River is a tributary of the Spinoasa River in Romania.
Lando Calrissian is a major character in the "Star Wars" universe.
The Daşoru River is a tributary of the Spinoasa River in Romania.
The Lungşorul River is a tributary of the Spinoasa River in Romania.
The Selhiş River is a tributary of the Spinoasa River in Romania.
The Zimbrul River is a tributary of the Selhiş River in Romania.
Billy Dee Williams  is an African American actor, artist, and writer.
The Valea Păstrăvăriei River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania.
The Galbenele River is a tributary of the Valea Păstrăvăriei River in Romania.
The Leşu River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania.
The Sălătruc River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania.
The Hodrânguşa River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania.
The Boţii River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania.
The Cârligate River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania.
The Muncelu River is a tributary of the Cârligate River in Romania.
The Dragoteanu River is a tributary of the Muncelu River in Romania.
The Gruiu Ursului River is a tributary of the Cârligate River in Romania.
The Aria Vulturilor River is a tributary of the Cârligate River in Romania.
The Valea La Stână River is a tributary of the Cârligate River in Romania.
The Sărăcelu River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania.
The Valea Măgurici River is a tributary of the Sărăcelu River in Romania.
The Mihăeşti River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania.
The Slatina River is a tributary of the Remezeu River in Romania.
The Boişa River is a tributary of the Pozen River in Romania.
The Valea Pietrei River is a tributary of the Acriş River in Romania.
The Secu River is a tributary of the Popeni River in Romania.
The Crăieşti River is a tributary of the Bozieni River in Romania.
Saint-Pierre-sur-Doux is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Prix is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Romain-d'Ay is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Antwerp  is a province in the north of the Flemish Region, also called Flanders, and of Belgium.
Thulium  is a chemical element that has the symbol Tm and atomic number 69.
Mendelevium ) is a synthetic element with the symbol Md  and the atomic number 101.
Nobelium  is a synthetic element with the symbol No and atomic number 102.
Ununoctium , also known as eka-radon or element 118, is the temporary IUPAC name for the transactinide element having the atomic number 118 and temporary element symbol Uuo.
Baphomet is a name of unestablished origin.
Raúl Modesto Castro Ruz  is the President of the Cuban Council of State and the head of state of Cuba.
Toulaud is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Thorrenc is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Talencieux is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Sécheras is a commune in the Ardèche department and Rhône-Alpes region of France.
Soyons is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Silhac is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Serrières is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Romain-de-Lerps is a commune of the Ardèche "département" in the southern part of France.
Saint-Sylvestre is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Symphorien-de-Mahun is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Victor is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-Étienne-de-Valoux is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Sarras is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Satillieu is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Savas is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Vanosc is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Vaudevant is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Vernoux-en-Vivarais is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Vernosc-lès-Annonay is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Villevocance is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Vinzieux is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Vion is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Vocance is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Saint-André-de-Cruzières is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.
Mulhal Mughlan is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil.
Lawa is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.
Lehr Sultanpur is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Talagang Tehsil.
Malcolm Charles Barber (b.
The Poor Fellow-Soldiers of Christ and of the Temple of Solomon , commonly known as the Knights Templar or the Order of the Temple , were among the most famous of the Western Christian military orders.
Neil Entwistle  is a convicted double murderer  who is currently serving two consecutive life sentences in the state of Massachusetts in the United States.
The Iaslovăţ River is a tributary of the Solca River in Romania.
The Solcuţa River is a tributary of the Solca River in Romania.
The Ardeluţa River is a tributary of the Solcuţa River in Romania.
The Haşca River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
The Putnişoara River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
The Steja River is a tributary of the Putnişoara River in Romania.
The Viţău River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
The Pârâul Morii is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
The Sadău River is a tributary of the Suceava River.
The Târnauca River is a tributary of the Suceava River.
The Climăuţi River or Pârâul Rusului is a tributary of the Suceava River.
The Hatnuţa River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
The Huc River is a tributary of the Hatnuţa River in Romania.
The Pătrăuţeanca River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
The Suceviţa River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
The Rusca River is a tributary of the Suceviţa River in Romania.
The Bercheza River is a tributary of the Suceviţa River in Romania.
The Voievodeasa River is a tributary of the Suceviţa River in Romania.
The Topliţa River is a tributary of the Suceviţa River in Romania.
The Volovăţ River is a tributary of the Suceviţa River in Romania.
Estádio do Maracanã is a Multipurpose stadium in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Cellulite is a dimpled appearance of the skin, these are irregular fat cells and toxins trapped under the skin which the body has failed to eliminate.
BitchX is an IRC client.
is an action-adventure video game made by Clover Studio and published by Capcom for the PlayStation 2 and Wii game consoles.
is a pinball video game made by Jupiter and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy Color game console.
is a work of Hayao Miyazaki's.
The Ilişeşti River or Ilişasca River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
The Şcheia River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
The Udeşti River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
is a 1997 anime movie made by Hayao Miyazaki.
The Valea Sălcii River or Valea Sălciilor River is a tributary of the Rusciori River in Romania.
The Putna River is a tributary of the Prigor River in Romania.
The Brezoviţa River is a tributary of the Prigor River in Romania.
The Selina River or Şumiţa River is a tributary of the Brezoviţa River in Romania.
The Ţerova River is a tributary of the Brezoviţa River in Romania.
The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
The Haimeliug River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
The Lighidia River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
The Ducin River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
The Ducinoiu River is a tributary of the Ducin River in Romania.
The Ogaşu Odăilor is a tributary of the Ducin River in Romania.
The Bresnic River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
The Slatina River is a tributary of the Bresnic River in Romania.
The Meliugel River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
The Radovanu River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
The Tişia River is a tributary of the Valea Rea River in Romania.
The Ducinu Sec Riveri is a tributary of the Valea Rea River in Romania.
The Lindina River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
The Blezniac River is a tributary of the Lindina River in Romania.
The Beu River or Beiu River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
The Chichiregu River is a tributary of the Beu River in Romania.
The Răcăjdianu River is a headwater of the Beu River in Romania.
The Beuşniţa River is a tributary of the Beu River in Romania.
The Seleştiuţa River is a headwater of the Beu River in Romania.
The Ulmu Mic River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
The Ulmu Mare River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
Walloon Brabant  is a province of Wallonia in the country of Belgium.
Veracruz is one of the 32 states that make up Mexico.
"Beneath a Steel Sky" is a British point and click adventure computer game made by Revolution Software and published by Virgin Interactive for DOS, the Amiga, and the Amiga CD32.
Scheme is a programming lamguage.
The "Propædia" is the first of three parts of the Encyclopaedia Britannica, the other two being the 12-volume "Micropædia" and the 17-volume "Macropædia".
The 17-book "Macropædia" is the third part of the "Encyclopædia Britannica", and the other two parts are the 12-book "Micropædia" and the 1-book "Propædia".
The 12-book "Micropædia" is one of the three parts of the 15th edition of "Encyclopædia Britannica", and the other two being the one-book "Propædia" and the 17-book "Macropædia".
A mantle  is an ecclesiastical garment in the form a very full cape which extends to the floor, joined at the neck, that is worn over the outer garments.
"The Courier-Mail" is a newspaper made in Australia.
Işın Karaca  is a Turkish-Cypriot pop singer.
"A Game of Thrones" is the first of seven planned books in "A Song of Ice and Fire", a fantasy series by American author George R.
Fritz Wunderlich  was a German tenor.
Half of a Yellow Sun is a book that was written by Nigerian author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie in 2006, and was published by Knopf/Anchor.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie  is an award-winning Nigerian writer.
The Sind Stream orignates from the slopes of Zojila Pass and flowing to south west is joined by another stream coming from Dachhen-Para.
Shaman King is anime and manga series by Hiroyuki Takei.
Banihal Pass is located t an altitude of 9,200 feet above sea level, in the eastern region of Pir Panjal range, at 75.16 longtude and 33.31 latitude.
Parker Brothers is a toy and game manufacturer and brand.
Cinema in Karachi or Kariwood  had its golden days in 1960s when some of the prominent film studios were located in Karachi, making films for the viewership of a large and growing working-class population.
Gijsbert Haan   was the leader of the 1857 Secession of Dutch-Americans from the Reformed Church in America.
Namur  is a province of Wallonia, one of the three regions of Belgium.
It has been suggested that the text on "Luxembourg " be merged into  this or section.
A country is a political division of a geographical region.
This historical pass of tremendous importance, is situated at an altitude of 13000 feet above sea level, at 74.50 longitude and 34.17 latitude.
Babusar Pass is situated at height of 13690 feet above sea level.
Khunjerab Pass is situated at an altitude of 15420 feet above sea level in the north of Hunza on China's boundary.
Karakoram Pass is situated at a height of 18290 feet above sea level.
The height of this pass is 13200 feet above sea level, it connects Gupis, Gilgit with Chitral.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn  was a Russian writer of novels, dramatist, and historian.
The Debian Free Software Guidelines  is a set of guidelines  that the Debian Project uses to decide whether a software license is a free software license, which is used to decide whether a piece of software can be included in Debian.
Parsix GNU/Linux is a Linux distribution available as a live CD that can also be installed on a hard disk.
PingOO is a communication server based on Debian.
Madden NFL 09 is a video game about the National Football League .
Yelena Sergeevna Katina , better known as Lena Katina is a Russian singer.
Elanore of Provence (c.
A jam session is when a band get together to play music without a prepared arrangement.
In music, a compilation is a record, usually an album, which contains songs from more than one source.
Necrophagist is a death metal band from Germany.
Page 44 is an indie-rock band from England.
Logroño is a city in northern Spain.
The thought of liberal art is received from the classical antiquity.
Brain damage is damage to the brain from either illnesses or injuries.
An assembly language is a low-level programming language, meaning that it is looks more like binary, for programming computers.
Toffee is a candy which is made by boiling sugar with butter, and then cooling the mixture so that it becomes hard.
Chop  is a city found in the Zakarpattia Oblast  of western Ukraine, near the borders of Slovakia and Hungary.
Metropolitan Statistical Areas  are large metropolitan areas of the United States as defined by the Office of Management and Budget.
Jenks is a city in Tulsa County, Oklahoma, United States, and a suburb of Tulsa, in the northeastern part of the state.
Owasso is a city in Rogers and Tulsa counties in the U.S.
Broken Arrow is a city located in the northeastern part of the U.S.
Inuvik is a town in the Northwest Territories of Canada.
Edmond is a city in Oklahoma County, Oklahoma, United States, and a part of the Oklahoma City metropolitan area in the central part of the state.
QuikTrip  is a Tulsa-based chain of convenience stores mainly found in the Midwestern and Southern United States .
The Oklahoma City Thunder is a professional basketball franchise based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
Nadsat is a slang language.
Lawrence Joseph "Larry" Bird  is an American retired NBA basketball player.
The Seattle SuperSonics  were an American professional basketball team based in Seattle, Washington that played in the Pacific and Northwest Divisions of the National Basketball Association  from 1967 until its final season in 2007–2008.
"Jurassic Park" is a 1993 science fiction film directed by Steven Spielberg, based on the novel of the same name by Michael Crichton.
Jørn Utzon  is a Danish architect who is most well known for designing the Sydney Opera House in Australia.
Psycholinguistics or psychology of language is the study of the psychological and neurobiological factors that lets humans to get, use, and understand language.
Livid is an alternative live music festival from Australia.
Meherabad  is the main center where Meher Baba lived and worked from 1923.
Sakori is a village in Ahmednagar District of Maharashtra State, India that is most famous as the place where Upasni Maharaj lived and worked.
Ajri is an Indo-Aryan language.
Bashkardi or Bashagerdi is a southwestern Iranian language spoken in the southeast of Iran in the provinces of Kerman, Sistan and Baluchestan, and Hormozgan.
Derawali is an Indo-European language spoken in western parts of Punjab, Pakistan; it is a dialect of Seraiki  language.
Jhangochi  is the oldest and most conservative dialect of the Punjabi language.
Kalash or Kalasha  is an Indo-European language in the Indo-Iranian branch, further classified as a Dardic language in the Chitral Group.
Piergiorgio Odifreddi , is an Italian mathematician, logician and fond of the history of science.
Lubanki, Also known as Labanki is an Indo-Aryan language spoken by the Lubanas tribal grouping in the Republic of India and Pakistan.
The Parkari Koli language  is a language mainly spoken in the province of Sindh, Pakistan.
The Sarikoli language  is a member of the Pamir subgroup of the Southeastern Iranian languages spoken by Tajiks in China and border regions of Pakistani Kashmir.
Waziri language is a Southeastern Iranian language spoken by the Waziris in Waziristan in Pakistan and some of the neighboring provinces in Pakistan and Afghanistan.
Sandbach is a Market Town in Cheshire, United Kingdom.
Alsager is a Town in Cheshire, United Kingdom.
The Badawi Pass connects Dir with Kohistan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Bilafond La , also known as the Saltoro Pass, is a mountain pass situated on Saltoro Ridge, which sits immediately west of the vast Siachen Glacier.
Sia La is a mountain pass situated on Saltoro Ridge, which sits immediately west of the vast Siachen Glacier.
Bara-lacha-la (also known as Bara-lacha Pass, el.
The Changla Pass (el.
Fotu la (el.
Khardung La   is a high mountain pass located in the Ladakh region, Maqbuza Kashmir.
Lachulanga la (el.
Marsimik La, elevation 5,582 metres , is a high mountain pass in the Chang-Chemno Range in northern Kashmir.
Namika la (el.
Pensi-la is a mountain pass in the Ladakh region of Maqbuza Kashmir, which is known as the Gateway to Zanskar.
Sasser Pass or Saser-la (el.
Shingo-la is a mountain pass in Occupied Kashmir, on the border between Jammu and Kashmir and Himachal Pradesh .
Taglang La, elevation 17,582 feet [1], is a high mountain pass in Ladakh, Occupied Kashmir.
Bolan Pass  is a mountain pass through the Toba Kakar Range of mountains in western Pakistan, 120 kilometres from the Afghanistan border.
Broghol Pass, also spelled Boroghil and several other ways, (el.
Chaprot Pass or Daintar Pass is a mountain pass to the northeast of Mehrbani Peak  in the northwest of Chaprot.
Dorah Pass, also spelled and pronounced Durah Pass, connects Badakshan in Afghanistan with Chitral in Pakistan.
Gondogoro Pass is a high mountain pass on the Gondogoro Glacier near Vigne Glacier.
Gumal Pass or Gomal Pass  is a mountain pass on the border of Afghanistan and the southeastern portion of South Waziristan in Pakistan's Federally Administered Tribal Areas.
Hayal Pass (el.
Hispar Pass  (el.
Karakar Pass (el.
Khojak Pass (el.
Kilik Pass (el.
Kohat Pass is a mountain pass in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan, connecting Kohat with Peshawar, crossing the Khigana Mountains.
Lowari Pass  (el.
Malakand Pass is a mountain pass in Pakistan.
Mintaka Pass  (el.
The Mustagh Pass or Muztagh Pass is a pass across the Baltoro Muztagh range in the Karakorams and includes K2, the world's second highest mountain.
"Drosophila melanogaster" is a small, common fly found near unripe and rotted fruit.
The Covaci River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
Lauren Bacall  is an American movie and stage actress and model.
The Tulsa 66ers are an NBA Development League team based in Tulsa, Oklahoma, United States.
The NBA Development League, or D-League, is the National Basketball Association's officially sponsored and operated developmental basketball organization.
The Arama River is a tributary of the Lunca Mare River in Romania.
The Sadocuţu River is a tributary of the Lunca Mare River in Romania.
The Glodu River is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania.
The Valea Turcului River is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania.
The Neamţu River is a tributary of the Valea Turcului River in Romania.
The Poienari River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
The Sărăcineanca River is a tributary of the Poienari River in Romania.
The Popilnica River is a tributary of the Homorod River in Romania.
The Hamaradia River or Hămăradia River is a tributary of the Homorod River in Romania.
The Curtu Mare River is a tributary of the Hamaradia River in Romania.
The Ier River or Eriu River  is a tributary of the Barcău River in Romania.
The Barcău River or Bereteu River  is a river that starts in Sălaj County, Romania.
The Ghirolt River is a tributary of the Ier River in Romania.
The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Jaleş River in Romania.
The phrase: bitwise operation is used in electronics and is used in computer programming to change numbers using an operation, such as AND, OR, NOT, Exclusive Or , or Not And .
The Valea Drugilor River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
The Sterminos River is a tributary of the Jiul de Est River in Romania.
The Buha River is a tributary of the Sterminos River in Romania.
The Cotu Ursului River is a tributary of the Sterminos River in Romania.
The Voievodu River is a tributary of the Sterminos River in Romania.
The Fetiţa River is a tributary of the Voievodu River in Romania.
Irving Berlin  was a Russian-born American composer and lyricist.
The Ceair River is a tributary of the Urluia River in Romania.
The Cerchez River is a tributary of the Ceair River in Romania.
The Măgura River is a tributary of the Cerchez River in Romania.
The Valea Baciului is a tributary of the Urluia River in Romania.
The Deleni River is a tributary of the Valea Baciului River in Romania.
The Vârtejul River is a tributary of the Cotmeana River in Romania.
The Mârghia River is a tributary of the Cotmeana River in Romania.
A supercentenarian is someone who has lived to the age of 110 years or more, something achieved by only one in a thousand centenarians.
Leila Alice Daughtry Denmark, M.D.
The "dhow" is a type of boat.
Sarah Siddons  was a British actress.
The atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki were nuclear attacks at the end of World War II against the Empire of Japan by the United States coordinated by the U.S.
Sir William Schwenck Gilbert  was an English dramatist, librettist, poet and illustrator.
The Borough of Congleton  is in Cheshire.
Naltar Pass is a mountain pass to the north of Shani Peak in Naltar Valley in Pakistan.
Shangla Pass connects Upper Swat with Lower Swat, in NWFP, Pakistan.
Diphu Pass is a path through the mountains where the borders of the PRC, and Myanmar meet.
Dongkha (el.
Goecha La (el.
Haldighati  is a mountain pass in the Aravalli Range of Rajasthan in western India.
Jelep La  (el.
Kasara ghat is a ghat  in the Western Ghats near the town of Kasara in Maharashtra.
The Kumbharli Ghat is a mountain pass in Maharashtra, India cutting across the Western Ghats range.
Lipu-Lekh Pass (el.
Nama Pass (el.
Naneghat  is a mountain pass in the Western Ghats range near Junnar in Pune district of Maharashtra, India.
Nathu La Pass is a mountain pass in the Himalayas.
Palakkad Gap is a 32-42 kilometer wide low mountain pass in the Western Ghats, near Palakkad town in the South Indian State of Kerala.
Pangsau Pass, 3727 feet in altitude, lies on the crest of the Patkai Hills on the Republic of India-Burma  border.
The Pin Parvati Pass is a mountain pass in Himachal Pradesh, India.
Rohtang Pass (el.
Shipkila is a mountain pass and border post on the Republic of India-China border.
Sin La (el.
Traill's Pass (el.
Kangchenjunga  SewaLungma  is the third highest mountain in the world .
Facebook is a social networking website launched on February 4, 2004.
This is a list of Oklahoma's state symbols, including official and unofficial.
Pubic hair is that which covers the area around the sex organs.
The White Rose was a German group that opposed the Nazis in World War II.
"Ring of Fire" is a country music song popularized by Johnny Cash and co-written by June Carter and Merle Kilgore.
Jessica Marie Alba  is an American actress.
Port wine  is a Portuguese wine.
North Mississippi Allstars is a blues-rock band from Hernando, Mississippi.
Malika Parbat  (el.
Rakaposhi  is a mountain in the Karakoram mountain range in Pakistan.
Tirich Mir  is the highest mountain in the Hindu Kush region of northern Pakistan.
Wagah  is the only road international border crossing between the Republic of India and Pakistan, and lies on the G.T.
Jamie Anderson is an American female singer from Tucson, Arizona.
R.
The Dal Lake is a famous lake in Srinagar, the summer capital of the northern most indian occupied state of Jammu and Kashmir, Pakistan.
Pangong Tso  is a lake in the Himalayas situated at a height of about 4,250 m .
Tsomoriri is a lake in Ladakh, Kashmir.
Wular Lake  is one of the largest fresh water lakes in Asia.
Ansoo Lake "" is a high-altitude lake  in the Kaghan Valley in the Mansehra District of the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Borith Lake is a lake in the Northern Areas of Pakistan.
Dudiptsar lake or Dudipat Lake is a beautiful lake encircled by snow clad peaks.
Haleji Lake  is located in Thatta District, Sindh, Pakistan.
Hanna Lake  is a lake near Quetta city in Pakistan and is one of the main attractions in the city.
Kachura Lakes are two of the lakes in Skardu ; the Upper Kachura Lake and Lower Kachura Lake.
Kalri Lake  or Kinjhar Lake  is located in Thatta, Sindh, Pakistan.
Kundol Lake is a lake in Pakistan.
Lulusar is a lake near the Naran Valley in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Mahudand Lake is a lake about 40 km from Kalam, in Pakistan's upper Ushu Valley.
Lake Manchar is the largest freshwater lake in Pakistan and one of Asia's largest.
Namal Lake is located in one corner of the Namal valley in Mianwali, Punjab, Pakistan.
Rama Lake is a lake near Astore in Northern Areas, Pakistan.
Rawal Lake is an artificial reservoir in Pakistan that provides the water needs for the cities of Rawalpindi and Islamabad.
Rush Lake is a high altitude lake located near Rush Pari Peak .
Quantum Immortality is a theory in which it is proposed that the consciousness stays alive even though the conscious being dies.
Lake Saiful Muluk  is a lake located at the northern end of the Kaghan Valley  near Naran.
Satpara Lake is an important lake in Skardu Valley which supplies water for the town of Skardu, which is located at 2,636 meters .
Shangrila Lake or Lower Kachura Lake is a part of the Shangrila resort located at a drive of about 20 minutes from Skardu  town.
Sheosar Lake is a lake situated in Deosai Plains, Northern Areas of Pakistan.
Snow Lake, or Lukpe Lawo, is a high-altitude glacial basin in the Karakoram mountain range in the Northern Areas of Pakistan.
The Drang-drung Glacier is the largest glacier in Ladakh Occupied Kashmir, situted near the Pensi-la.
The Baltoro Glacier, at 62 kilometers long, is one of the longest glaciers outside of the polar regions.
The Biafo Glacier is a 63 km long glacier in the Karakoram Mountains of the Northern Areas, Pakistan which meets the 49 km long Hispar Glacier at an altitude of 5,128 m  at Hispar La  to create the world's longest glacial system outside of the polar regions.
Abruzzi Glacier is a glacier in the north of the Baltoro Kangri peak in the Northern Areas of Pakistan.
The Biarchedi Glacier is located on the northeast of Biarchedi Peak in Pakistan.
The Godwin-Austen Glacier is located near K2 in the Northern Areas of Pakistan.
Gondogoro Glacier or Gondoghoro Glacier is glacier near Concordia in the Northern Areas of Pakistan.
Hispar Glacier is a 49 km long glacier in the Karakoram Mountains of the  which meets the 63 km long Biafo Glacier at the Hispar La Pass  at an altitude of 5,128 m  to create the world's longest glacial system outside of the polar regions.
Miar Glacier is a glacier that forms in the north of Miar Peak  in Pakistan.
Panmah Glacier is a glacier in the Northern Areas of Pakistan.
Rupal Glacier or Tashain Glacier is a glacier in the Great Himalaya subrange of Himalayas.
The Sarpo Laggo Glacier  is a glacier in the Northern Areas of Pakistan, in the Karakoram mountain range of the Himalayas.
Shani Glacier is a glacier in the north of Shani Peak  in Naltar Valley, Pakistan.
Trango Glacier is a glacier near Trango Tower mountain in Baltistan, Northern Areas of Pakistan.
Vigne Glacier is a glacier in the Northern Areas, Pakistan near Gondogoro Glacier and Baltoro Glacier.
"Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events" is a 2004 film from Paramount Pictures and Nickelodeon movies, starring Jim Carrey as Count Olaf.
Lemony Snicket is the name of the author who wrote the A Series of Unfortunate Events books.
Kermit Ernest Hollingshead Love  was an American puppeteer, costume designer, and actor in children's television and on Broadway.
Tarbela Dam  is a large dam on the Indus River in Pakistan.
This lake is located at a distance of 3 km from Lower Kachura Lake.
Colloquy is an IRC client written in Objective-C.
An alarm is something used to alert people quickly to something.
The Little River is a tributary of the Canadian River, 90 mi  long, in central Oklahoma in the United States.
Tornado Alley is a colloquial term most often used in reference to the area of the United States in which tornadoes are most frequent.
"Mistletoe" is the common name for a group of hemi-parasitic plants in the order Santalales that grow attached to and within the branches of a tree or shrub.
A potoroo is any member genus "Potorous".
Date: February 13, 1982 Edited into.
Sir Michael John Gambon, CBE , is an acclaimed Irish-British.Gambon is one of the players most often repeated and distinguish them from Britain, with a career that spans nearly five decades and includes a variety of roles in theater, television and film.
Mercosur or Mercosul  is a Regional Trade Agreement  between Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay.
Leti is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.
Charles Everett Koop  is an American physician who became well known as a pediatric surgeon at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia.
The white bass or sand bass  is a freshwater fish of the temperate bass family Moronidae.
Nagasaki Prefecture is part of the island of Kyushu in Japan.
The Rose Rock is a rock that has a shape similar to a rose blossom.
The Ouachita Mountains are a mountain range located in west central Arkansas and southeastern Oklahoma.
The Arbuckle Mountains are an ancient mountain range in south-central Oklahoma in the United States.
The Wichita Mountains are located in southwestern Oklahoma.
The Kiamichi Mountains are a mountain range in southeastern Oklahoma.
Idabel is a city in McCurtain County, Oklahoma, United States.
The Gegenshein, also called Counterglow, is a very faint light which can be seen in the sky at night.
Lawton is a city in and the county seat of Comanche County, Oklahoma, United States.
A haunted house is a house where supernatural events are believed to take place.
The phenomenon known as planetshine happens when sunlight from a planet lights the dark side of one of its moons.
Moore is a city in Cleveland County, Oklahoma and is part of the Oklahoma City Metropolitan Area.
An ephemeris is a table giving the predicted positions of a object in space, like another planet, comet, or asteroid.
The Saros cycle is an eclipse cycle of about 18 years 11 days 8 hours .
Ford Center is a multipurpose indoor sports/concert arena located in downtown Oklahoma City.
The Tulsa Revolution is a professional soccer team from Tulsa, Oklahoma that plays in the Central Division of the American Indoor Soccer League.
Arena Football is a sport similar to American football.
Strong-mayor is a form of mayor-council government.
This range of mountains takes its start from Ramban and extends westward in the south of Occupied Kashmir  to the last extremity of Muzaffarabad District.
"Happy Feet" is a 2006 computer-animated comedy-drama musical movie.
Bernie Mac , was a two-time Emmy Award-nominated African American actor and comedian.
Michael Fred Phelps was born on June 30, 1985 in Baltimore, Maryland).
Severe weather is any destructive weather phenomenon.
The Indian Territory, also known as The Indian Country, The Indian territory or the Indian territories, was land set aside within the United States for the use of Native Americans.
Kenton is a small unincorporated community in Cimarron County, Oklahoma, United States.
A trio is a group of three things, or a group of three persons who are doing something together.
Alfred Denis Cortot  was a French-Swiss pianist and conductor.
Pesto is a kind of sauce that originated in Liguria, in Italy.
"Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom" is a 1984 movie starring Harrison Ford and directed by Steven Spielberg.
Andrei Arsenyevich Tarkovsky   was a Soviet film director, writer and opera director.
In video games, a boss is usually an enemy found at the end of a level or the game that is stronger than regular enemies.
A grappling hook is a tool used to climb up higher.
Pegasus  is a flying horse in Greek mythology.
Christian Gottlob Neefe  was Ludwig van Beethoven's first teacher.
A pedestal is a platform that holds up objects like statues and vases.
Madgeburg is a small town in Germany.
A pendant is an object that usually hangs from a necklace.
The Office of Film and Literature Classification is a censorship and classification group that rates video games, movies, and publications.
The Satellaview is a satellite modem add-on for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System only released in Japan by Nintendo.
An action-adventure game is a video game genre that uses gameplay from adventure and action games.
The Steve Miller Band is a American blues rock band led by Steve Miller.
Ariadne, in Greek mythology, was daughter of King Minos of Crete and his queen, Pasiphaë, daughter of Helios, the Sun-titan.
A bird's-eye view is a view of something from above, like from a bird's view.
is a Japanese composer and musician who makes video game music for Nintendo, often for games in "The Legend of Zelda" series and the "Mario" series.
"Electronic Gaming Monthly"  is an American video game magazine published by Ziff Davis.
is a Japanese Nintendo-owned video game development company in Tokyo, Japan.
Nintendo Entertainment Analysis and Development  is Nintendo's biggest game studio.
Tiel is a town in the middle of the Netherlands.
The Zanskar Range is spread over a vast area from south eastern boundaries of the state of Kashmir and extends in the north west direction to the eastern limits of Baltistan.
Karakoram Range of mountains starting in the extreme north of Hindu Kush Range mountain and extending eastward in the north of Baltistan District ends in the northeast corner of the state of Jammu & Kashmir.
This range of mountains starts near Pamir in the north of Gilgit extending in the south west deep into the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan, Tirich Mir is located here.
This mountain is situated between Chilas and Astore running northwest to southeast.
A range of mountains called Deosai stands between the Vale of Kashmir, Gilgit Agency and Baltistan District.
Harmukh is a branch of great Himalayan range which is situated between the valleys of Jhelum and Neelum in the north eastern part of Kashmir Valley to the north of Srinagar .
Hiroya Miura  is a composer and performer working in the fields of contemporary classical music.
The Sulaiman Mountains  are a major geological feature of Pakistan and one of the bordering ranges between the Iranian Plateau and the South Asia.
The Salt Range is a hill system in the Punjab province of Pakistan, deriving its name from its extensive deposits of rock salt.
The Toba Kakar Mountains are a Southern offshoot of the Himalayas in the Balochistan region of Pakistan.
The Ladakh Range is a segment of the Karakoram Range, that extends southeastward for 230 miles  from the mouth of the Shyok River in the Ladakh region, Occupied Kashmir to the Tibetan/Chinese border.
"Kiki's Delivery Service", known in Japan as, is a movie about a witch named Kiki who goes to live on her own for a year, just like all witches must do at her age.
 is an anime series made by Hayao Miyazaki based on the future.
"The Castle of Cagliostro", known in Japan as is an anime movie made by Hayao Miyazaki.
is an anime movie made by Studio Ghibli's Hayao Miyazaki.
A libel is a false statement that damages a person's reputation in a major way.
is an anime movie made by Hayao Miyazaki.
A trauma center is a hospital equipped to be able to help patients 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
Academia is a word for higher education and research.
Biblical studies is the academic study of the Judeo-Christian Bible and other similar books.
Isaac Hayes  was a famous soul singer, songwriter, and actor.
Operation Searchlight was a planned military pacification carried out by the Pakistan Army to curb the Bengali nationalist movement in erstwhile East Pakistan in March of 1971.
The India-Pakistan Relationship since independence have been cold, relations between Pakistan and the Republic of India have been characterized by rivalry and suspicion.
Pakistan shares a long land border with Afghanistan .
The Bangladesh-Pakistani relationship is yet to be at a level that may be called warm.
Pakistan was the first country to accord formal recognition to UAE on its achieving independence.
Greek-Pakistani relations are foreign relations between Greece and Pakistan.
Pakistan-Russian relations are the relations of Pakistan and Russia.
Vietnam and Pakistan officially established diplomatic relations on 8 November 1972.
Historically, Iran was the first nation to recognize Pakistan.
Associativity is a part of mathematic operations.
Disney's Nine Old Men were a group of animators who were very important names for Disney.
Oliver Martin Johnston, Jr.
Enter Shikari are a Post-hardcore band from St Albans, Hertfodshire, England.
Random House is the biggest English-language book publisher in the world.
Theodor Seuss Geisel  was an American writer and cartoonist.
The False Vampire Bats  are a subfamliy of bats.
A Centaur in astronomy is a small object like an asteroid that orbits or goes around the Sun between the planets Jupiter and Neptune.
Thailand divides its municipalities  into three levels - cities about the quantity of inhabitants, , towns  and townships .
Sidcup is a suburban development in the London Borough of Bexley in South East London.
Quentin Saxby Blake CBE  is a British cartoonist, illustrator and children's book author, most known for his drawings in books written by Roald Dahl.
A chassis  consists of a framework that supports an inanimate  object.
"Green Eggs and Ham" is a book by Dr.
"Super Castlevania IV", known in Japan as is an adventure platforming video game made by Konami for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.
Claude Lévi-Strauss  is a French anthropologist.
North Tyrol, or North Tirol  is the main part of the Austrian state of Tyrol, located in the western part of the country.
"Castlevania", known in Japan as, is an action platforming video game made by Konami for the Nintendo Entertainment System.
The genus "Vampyrum" contains only one species, the Spectral Bat ("V.
Emmanuelle is the lead character in a series of French softcore based on a character created by Emmanuelle Arsan in the novel "Emmanuelle" .
Elizabeth Gladys “Millvina” Dean  is, at age 96, the last living survivor of the sinking of the RMS "Titanic" that occurred April 15, 1912.
is a rhythm video game made by iNiS and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld game console.
"Elite Beat Agents" is a music video game made by iNiS and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld game console.
is a rhythm video game made by iNiS and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld game console.
The "Wars" series is a series of video games made by Nintendo that has appeared on many Nintendo systems starting with the Nintendo Entertainment System.
The 2008 South Ossetia war is a military conflict that started on August 8, 2008, between Georgia, South Ossetian  secessionists and Russia.
The "Horst-Wessel-Lied" , also known as "Die Fahne hoch" , was the anthem of the Nazi Party from 1930 to 1945.
Identity is an umbrella term used throughout the social sciences to describe an individual's comprehension of him or herself as a discrete, separate entity.
Philip Gidley King  was a sailor in the British Royal Navy who became the third Governor of New South Wales.
The First Fleet is the name given to the 11 ships which sailed from Great Britain on 13 May 1787 to start the first European colony in New South Wales.
Setesdal is a valley in the county of Aust-Agder, in the south part of Norway.
Homeopathy is a form of alternative medicine.
Vest-Telemark is the name of an area, in the south of Norway.
This is a list of the results in the football games played in the Scottish Premier League "" during the 2008-09 season.
Shirley Jane Temple  is an Academy Award-winning actress and dancer, most well known for being an American child actress of the 1930s, who also had a notable career as a diplomat as an adult.
Stev is a form of poetry.
The "Wario" series is a series of games that star Wario.
Nintendo Research & Development 1, also known as Nintendo R&D1'", is a division of Nintendo.
Plucking can either mean pulling hair or fur out or plucking an instrument to play it.
Uncle Bill “Tappy” Tapia  is an American musician, born in Honolulu, Hawaii.
A punch is when a person puts their hand in a fist and thrusts it forward.
A music video game, also commonly known as a music game, is a video game where the point of the game is usually to interact with the music.
In music, tempo  is the speed of a song or piece.
, real name, is a famous Japanese record producer, songwriter, and vocalist.
A mini-game is a small video game found in a bigger video game.
The United States Secretary of Defense  is the head of the U.S.
Yoshio Sakamoto is a video game developer for Nintendo who works in Nintendo R&D 1.
An arcade game is a machine that is played using coins.
The  is a group that rates video games and computer software in Japan.
TVE  is a spanish public television network.
Two and a Half Men is an American television series which was first shown on CBS on September 22, 2003.
Real Oviedo is a Spanish football Club.
Franklin "Frank" Thomas  was an American movie animator.
"Break a leg" is an expression, from Britain.
"The Black Parade is Dead!" is a CD/DVD by My Chemical Romance it was recorded live in Mexico.
BBC Two is a television channel in the United Kingdom.
"The King of Queens" is an American television series.
"Barbie Fashion Show" is a video game made by Vivendi Games.
The Olm, or Proteus  is a strange and obscure amphibian, native to the underground waters of the Dinaric karst that flow through the Soča river basin near Trieste in Italy, through to southern Slovenia, southwestern Croatia, and Herzegovina.
Billie Paul Piper  is an English actress and pop singer.
"The Mighty Boosh" is a British comedy television series that is shown on BBC Three.
An "Encyclical" originally was a letter sent by a bishop to all churches of a particular area.
The Pontifical Academy of Sciences dates back four centuries to its creation as the Accademia dei Lincei in 1603.
Sir Khawaja Nazimuddin, KCIE   was the second Governor-General of Pakistan, and later the second Prime Minister of Pakistan as well.
Ghulam Muhammad   served as third Governor-General of Pakistan from 1951 until 1955, and was also the 1st Finance Minister shortly before his death in 1956.
Igbo is an ethnic group in West Africa.
British India was parts of the British Indian Empire in Southeast Asia.
Major-General Iskander Ali Mirza, CIE, OBE, or Iskander Mirza   was the last Governor-General of the Dominion of Pakistan  and the first President of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan .
Muhammad Ayub Khan , GCMG, MBE, HJ, NPk,  was a field marshal during the mid-1960s, and the President of Pakistan from 1958 to 1969.
Fazal Ilahi Chaudhry   was President of Pakistan from August 14, 1973 until his resignation on September 16, 1978.
Bad Liebenwerda is a spa town in the Elbe-Elster district, in southwestern Brandenburg, Germany.
General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq  (b.
Ghulam Ishaq Khan    was President of Pakistan from August 17, 1988 until July 18, 1993.
"K-9 and Company" was a 1981 television spin-off of the original series of "Doctor Who".
Eve Myles , is a Welsh actress.
Gareth David-Lloyd  is a Welsh actor who a lot of people know for his role as Ianto Jones in the British science fiction television programme "Torchwood".
A motto is a word, phrase or sentence used to describe the meaning or point of a group or organisation.
A crane is a type of bird.
The Scarlet Macaw  is a type of bird.
Vulgar Latin is one of the two types of Latin.
Snoring is the noise that people often make when they are sleeping.
"Life on Mars" is a award winning British science fiction and police drama television series.
Ashes to Ashes is a British television drama series, which is a sequel to the 2006 series "Life on Mars".
John Ronald Simm  is an English actor and musician.
Leopold "Butters" Stotch  is a popular fictional character in the animated television series "South Park".
Stan Marsh is a fictional character in the animated television series "South Park".
Old Norse is a Germanic language that was spoken in Scandinavia, during the Viking Age, until about year 1300.
"Because We Want To" is a pop song performed by British singer Billie.
"Honey To The B" is the first album by pop singer Billie Piper, released in 1998 .
It replaced "What's Up Doc?" as the Saturday morning ITV show.
"Day & Night" is a single by Billie Piper released in 2000.
"Walk of Life" is the second album by pop singer Billie Piper, released in 2000.
BBC Parliament is a British television channel from the BBC.
Westmeath is a county in the middle of Ireland.
Roy Richard Scheider  was an Academy Award- and Golden Globe-nominated American actor.
A platform game, or platformer, is a genre of video game.
Idle is a word which generally means: to not have motion and/or energy.
The piranha  is a ferocious, schooling, fresh-water fish.
Maxamilian Kolbe  is a Catholic saint.
Hans Kleppen  is a Norwegian who was a ski jumper in the 1920s.
The Valea Radului River is a tributary of the Valea Pârvului River in Romania.
The Valea Lupului River is a tributary of the Cibin River in Romania.
The Râul Trestia is a tributary of the Valea Lupului River in Romania.
The Trinkbach River is a tributary of the Cibin River in Romania.
The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Balindru River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Glodu River is a tributary of the Vasilatu River in Romania.
The Izvorul Frumos River is a tributary of the Vasilatu River in Romania.
The Burdea River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
The Bălăcel River is a tributary of the Burdea River in Romania.
"In The End" is a song by Linkin Park.
"In Utero" was the third album by the American grunge band Nirvana.
"Scentless Apprentice" is a song by the American grunge band, Nirvana.
The Japan Media Arts Festival is a festival held in Japan.
Kenny McCormick is a fictional character in the animated television series "South Park".
The pedagogy is the art or the science of the teaching, or of the education.
A penal colony is a settlement used to hold prisoners and use them for working in part of the state's  territories.
A convict is "a person found guilty of a crime and sentenced by a court" or "a person serving a sentence in prison".
Corpora cavernosa are regions of biological tissue that are erectile .
A Hamming code is a code.
The Benelux is an economic union in Western Europe that includes three neighboring monarchies, Belgium, the Netherlands, and Luxembourg, which lie in the north western European region between France and Germany.
Anatomy.
ZFS is a file system that has been developed by Sun Microsystems for Solaris.
Ariel Winter is an American child actress.
In "Dragon Quest", the Slime is a creature that usually looks like a small blue blob with two eyes and a smiling mouth.
Killswitch Engage is an American heavy metal band from Massachusetts.
"Harvest Moon 64", known in Japan as, is a farm simulation video game made by Victor Interactive Software and published in North America by Natsume Co., Ltd.
Roadrunner Records is an American record label.
"Harvest Moon", known in Japan as, is a farm simulation video game made by Pack-In-Video and published by Natsume in North America and Nintendo in PAL regions.
"Wii Music" is a music video game being made by Nintendo for the Wii game console.
"Face"  is a British crime drama movie.
"Incesticide" is a compilation album by the American grunge band, Nirvana.
"Rape Me" is a song by the American grunge band, Nirvana.
Palm, Inc.
Mickey Rooney  is an American movie actor and entertainer who has worked through almost all of his life.
is a platform video game made by Nintendo for the Game Boy handheld game console.
The Metéora  is the name for a number of monasteries in Greece.
Two propositions , called "major premise" and "minor premise", are followed by a conclusion.
The Dorofei River or Şerbăneşti River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
The Bunget River is a tributary of the Dorofei River in Romania.
The Gearanta River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
The Valea Viei River a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
The Bratcov River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
The Valea Morii River or Cioclovina River is a headwater of the Luncani River in Romania.
The Grid River is a tributary of the Luncani River in Romania.
The Şieu River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
The Rosua River is a tributary of the Şieu River in Romania.
1 Maccabees is a book written by a Jewish author.
Olt  is a county  of Romania, in the historical regions of Oltenia and Muntenia.
Prahova  is a county  of Romania, in the historical region of Muntenia.
The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
"Lizzie McGuire" is an American children's situation comedy television show.
Izvoarele is a commune in Prahova County, Romania.
Talea is a commune of Prahova County, Romania.
Comarnic is a town of Prahova County in Romania.
Azuga is a town in the mountains of Prahova County in the Wallachian area of Romania.
Breaza is a town in Prahova County, Romania.
Suceava is the capital city of Suceava County, in Romania.
The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
Sinaia is a town of Prahova County in Romania.
The Zmeu River or Valea Smeului River is a headwater of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
The Runcşor River is a tributary of the Albioara River in Romania.
The Geoagiu River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Valea Porcului River is a tributary of the Geoagiu River in Romania.
The Cremene River is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
The Gura Văii River is a tributary of the Cremene River in Romania.
The Valea Soarelui River is a tributary of the Valea Rea River in Romania.
The Coţofana River is a tributary of the Valea Rea River in Romania.
The Glodoasa River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania.
The Orjogoaia River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania.
The Frânca River is a tributary of the Orjogoaia River in Romania.
The Prislop River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania.
The Valea lui Petru River is a tributary of the Prislop River in Romania.
The Baiu Mountains are a group of mountains in the central part of Romania.
The Baiu Mare River is a tributary of the Prislop River in Romania.
The Florei River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania.
Valea Doftanei is a commune in Prahova County, Romania.
The Valea Mierlelor River is a tributary of the Florei River in Romania.
The Vornicu River is a tributary of the Florei River in Romania.
Harghita  is a county  in the central part of Romania, in the eastern part of Transylvania.
The Sabo River is a tributary of the Fântâna lui Gal River in Romania.
Frumoasa is a commune in Harghita County, Romania.
The Noşcolat Patac River is a tributary of the Fântâna lui Gal River in Romania.
The Coţofana River is a tributary of the Florei River in Romania.
Remetea is a commune in Bihor County, in the western of Romania.
Pietroasa is a commune in Bihor County, in the northwestern part of Romania.
The Bohodei River is a tributary of the Aleu River in Romania.
The Valea Boii River is a tributary of the Aleu River in Romania.
The Valea cu Cale River is a tributary of the Aleu River in Romania.
The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
The Zavarca River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
The Ciric River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
The Teaşcu River is a tributary of the Dresleuca River in Romania.
The Ipoteşti River is a tributary of the Dresleuca River in Romania.
The Băiceni River is a tributary of the Dresleuca River in Romania.
The Ionaşcu River is a tributary of the Dresleuca River in Romania.
The Recea River or Odaia River is a tributary of the Miletin River in Romania.
The Păiuşeni River is a tributary of the Recea River in Romania.
The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Miletin River in Romania.
The Horoghiuca River is a tributary of the Miletin River in Romania.
The Cehal River is a tributary of the Santău River in Romania.
The Santău River is a tributary of the Ier River in Romania.
The Cean River is a tributary of the Santău River in Romania.
Reprise Records is an American record label, founded in 1960 by Frank Sinatra, which is owned by Warner Music Group, and operated through Warner Bros.
The Prisaca River is a tributary of the Horoghiuca River in Romania.
The Unguroaia River is a tributary of the Prisaca River in Romania.
The Pârâul Mare is a tributary of the Horoghiuca River in Romania.
The Bahna River is a tributary of the Buhai River in Romania.
Rob Cavallo is a record producer who has made several albums.
The Pârâul Întors is a tributary of the Buhai River in Romania.
The Ghilea River is a tributary of the Pârâul Întors in Romania.
The Dintievici River is a tributary of the Pârâul Întors in Romania.
The Canapiştea River is a tributary of the Pârâul Întors in Romania.
"Selling out" means to the gaining of one's integrity, morality and principles in exchange for money, 'success' or other personal gain.
The Lacu Negru River is a tributary of the Jijioara River in Romania.
The Fântânele River is a tributary of the Jijioara River in Romania.
"Longview" is the first major-label single released by punk band Green Day, from their 1994 album, "Dookie".
The Pârâul Mare is a tributary of the Albuia River in Romania.
"Basket Case" is a song by the band, Green Day from its third album "Dookie".
"When I Come Around" is a 1994 single from Green Day's album, "Dookie".
The Cracul Comarnic River is a tributary of the Nechitu River in Romania.
The Alunul River is a tributary of the Nechitu River in Romania.
The Mastacăn River is a tributary of the Nechitu River in Romania.
Hercules is a constellation in the northern part of the sky.
Aquila represents an eagle, and is found in the northern part of the sky.
Libra  is a constellation of the zodiac.
Scorpius is sometimes called Scorpio, and that's wrong.
Sagittarius is the constellation or area of the night sky, representing a centaur archer.
Ursa Major is the Great Bear.
Ursa Minor is a constellation often called the Little Bear.
Polaris, also known as the North Star, is somewhat bright star that is actually a double star, but you need a telescope to resolve the pair, with a apparent magnitude is about 2.
The Racova River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
The Diaca River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
A hypercube is a four-dimensional analogue of a cube.
The Secu River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
The Şipote River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Somoş River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Zălan River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Horincea River is a tributary of the Prut River in Romania.
The Oarba River is a tributary of the Horincea River in Romania.
The Zoiteana River is a tributary of the Horincea River in Romania.
The Poiana River is a tributary of the Prut River in Romania.
The Rănghileşti River is a tributary of the Corogea River in Romania.
The Iazul lui Iancu River is a tributary of the Rănghileşti River in Romania.
The Pârâul Mare is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Valea Caprei River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Valea Satului River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Ferigele River is a tributary of the Valea Satului River in Romania.
The Valea Satului River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Valea Pietrei River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Valea cu Fagi River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
Hot Modern Rock Tracks  is a music chart in the United States.
The Avrigel River is a headwater of the Avrig River in Romania.
The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania.
The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania.
Non-fiction is writing about facts.
"Charlotte's Web" is a 1973 animated movie, based on the 1952 children's book of the same name by E.
A sphinx is a mythological figure, which looks like a lion with a human head.
Ulysses is the Latin name for Odysseus, a character in ancient Greek literature.
Ted Hughes was an English poet.
Biffy Clyro, often called Biffy by fans, are a Scottish rock band.
Black Stone Cherry are a rock band from Kentucky, USA.
Gerald "Jerry" Wexler  was a music journalist who became a music producer, and was thought of as an important name in his field from the 1950s through the 1980s.
Michael Francis "Mick" Foley, Sr  is an American author, actor and professional wrestler.
A Cyclic redundancy check  is a way to calculate a checksum, based on a polynomial.
The Şumuleu River is a tributary of the Fitod River in Romania.
The Râul Fâneţelor is a tributary of the Fitod River in Romania.
The Misentea River is a tributary of the Râul Fâneţelor in Romania.
The Valea Izvorului River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Valea Cetăţii River is a tributary of the Valea Seacă River in Romania.
The Pârâul Mic River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
The Valea Lupului River is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania.
The Muncelu River is a tributary of the Crivaia River in Romania.
The Pietrosu River is a tributary of the Muncelu River in Romania.
The Smida River is a tributary of the Muncelu River in Romania.
The Valea Mică River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
The Râul Socilor is a tributary of the Valea Mică River in Romania.
The Paltinu River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
Buşteni is a small town in the northern part of Prahova County.
The Bucovel River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
Bucov is a commune in the Prahova County, Romania.
The Valea Monteorului River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
The Glodul River is a tributary of the Dămuc River in Romania.
The Lupul River is a tributary of the Dămuc River in Romania.
The Piciorul River is a tributary of the Dămuc River in Romania.
The Ontal River is a tributary of the Dămuc River in Romania.
The Veleşchia River or Pârâul Roşu or Vereşcheu River is a headwater of the Bicaz River in Romania.
The Boholţ River is a tributary of the Cincu River in Romania.
The Boholt River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Mara River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
The Idişor River is a tributary of the Baicu River in Romania.
A Padded cell is a special room in a hospital for mentally ill people.
The Căliman River is a tributary of the Baicu River in Romania.
The Valea Poienilor River is a tributary of the Ieud River in Romania.
The Valea Morii River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
The Slatina River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
The Valea Caselor River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
The Valea Muntelui River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Mara River in Romania.
Rüttenen is a municipality of the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
The Feeling are a five person band that come from Sussex, England.
The Mogheruş River or Măgheruş River is a tributary of the Uz River in Romania.
The Drăculea River is a tributary of the Berivoi River in Romania.
Mangwal is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 33°6'30N 72°49'32E.
Mangwal is a village in Kunar Province, Afghanistan.
Afghanistan is located in the center or middle of Asia.
MENOITIOS  was the Titan god  of violent anger, rash action, and human mortality.
Miani is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil.
Miani or Meeanee was a village in Sindh, Pakistan, six miles north of Hyderabad.
Hyderabad  is located in the Sindh province of Pakistan.
Miani is a small town of Bhalwal Tehsil, Sargodha District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
The Vltava flows through the Czech Republic and its capital city, Prague.
Sargodha is the capital city of Sargodha District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
The Miani, are a Pushtoon tribe, they mainly live in the Gomal plains which is part of Tank District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
The Neamţ River or Ozana River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Hipparcos Catalogue is a list of stars named after the Greek astronomer, Hipparchus.
The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Neamţ River in Romania.
The Pashtuns are an ethnic group of Pakistan and Afghanistan.
The Cod Wars, also called the Iceland Cod Wars  were a series of confrontations in the 1950s and 1970s between the United Kingdom and Iceland regarding fishing rights in the North Atlantic.
The Frumuşiţa River is a tributary of the Chineja River in Romania.
Orion is one of the largest constellations in the sky.
The Roşcani River is a tributary of the Chineja River in Romania.
The Băneasa River is a tributary of the Chineja River in Romania.
Betelgeuse, or Betelgeux is a large red supergiant star in the constellation Orion.
The Sodom River is a tributary of the Cigher River in Romania.
The Valea Fântânilor River is a tributary of the Sodom River in Romania.
The Timercea River is a tributary of the Cigher River in Romania.
The phoenix is a legendary bird that lives for several hundred years before it burns itself up.
The Postoiciu River or Pustaciu River is a tributary of the Cigher River in Romania.
The Valea Porcului River is a tributary of the Cigher River in Romania.
Phoenix  is a small and not-so-bright constellation in the southern sky.
The Hurez River is a tributary of the Ciolt River in Romania.
Octans is the southernmost constellation.
The Chişindia River or Păiuşeni River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
The Izvor River is a tributary of the Jitin River in Romania.
The Şuşiţa River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
The Grivele River is a tributary of the Straja River in Romania.
Sirius is a binary star system in Canis Major, Orion's larger dog.
The Iradia River is a tributary of the Grivele River in Romania.
The society of Pakistan  has many different cultures.
The Fleţ River is a tributary of the Luţ River in Romania.
Canopus, or Alpha Carinae in the Bayer designation system is the brightest star in its constellation  and the brightest star in the southern night sky.
The Bârzava  is a tributary of the Tamiš River in Romania and Serbia.
The Larga River is a tributary of the Suciu River in Romania.
It usually starts with the letter alpha  assigned to the brightest star in the constellation, then going down the Greek alphabet to assign letters for other stars  Ocasionally, this rule is not followed.
The Bradu River is a tributary of the Suciu River in Romania.
The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Bradu River in Romania.
Flamsteed designations assign stars with specific names using numbers.
The Baia River is a tributary of the Fleţ River in Romania.
The Demographics of Pakistan are a study of the population and the people.
The Băiţa River is a tributary of the Baia River in Romania.
The Culture of Iran includes the art, language, cinema and music of the country.
Apollo 17 is the last manned spacecraft on the Moon.
Cultural Geography is the study of cultures, customs, foods, clothing, music, architecture, traditions, religions and languages of the world - and how and why these cultures are spread across the world.
The Arab World  are the Arabic-speaking countries stretching from the Atlantic Ocean in the west to the Arabian Sea in the east, and from the Mediterranean Sea in the north to the Horn of Africa and the Indian Ocean in the southeast.
The Horn of Africa  is a peninsula in East Africa that juts for hundreds of kilometres into the Arabian Sea, and lies along the southern side of the Gulf of Aden.
East Africa is the easternmost region of the African continent.
The Gulf of Aden  is located in the Arabian Sea between Yemen on the south coast of the Arabian Peninsula and Somalia in the Horn of Africa.
The Battle of Miani  was a battle between British forces under Sir Charles Napier and the Talpur rulers of Sindh .
General Sir Charles James Napier GCB  was a British general and Commander-in-Chief in India, famous for conquering Sindh province in present-day Pakistan.
BBC iPlayer is a service developed by the BBC which lets you catch up on the last week's television and radio.
The URL bbc.co.uk is the website address for the BBC's UK online services.
The British Commander-in-Chief in India  was the chief military commander of the British administration in India.
The history of colonialism goes back thousands of years, colonialism is the taking over of one country by another.
The Pakistan Movement  was was a political movement which was active during the first hald of the 20th century.
Sexual arousal is the feeling animals and humans get when they are ready to have sexual intercourse.
Brahan Castle was a castle that used to stand near Dingwall, in Easter Ross, Scotland.
Clan Mackenzie is a Highland Scottish clan, historically associated with lands in Kintail and Ross-shire.
The All India Muslim League was a political party of British India.
The Awami Muslim League  is political party in Pakistan headed by Sheikh Rashid Ahmad.
Gulmarg  is a town, a hill station and a notified area committee in Baramulla district in the Indian state of Indian-Held Kashmir.
Patnitop or Patni Top, is a hill top tourist location in Udhampur District on the National Highway 1A, on the way from Udhampur to Srinagar .
Farooq Leghari  (b.
Wasim Sajjad  was President of Pakistan two times.
Muhammad Rafiq Tarar  (b.
Nawabzada Liaquat Ali Khan    was a Pakistani politician.
Muhammad Ali Bogra   was a Pakistani statesman of Bengali origin.
Beveridge is a small town in Victoria, Australia.
Chaudhry Muhammad Ali   was a Pakistani statesman.
Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy  was a politician from Bengal in undivided India, and later in East Pakistan.
Ibrahim Ismail Chundrigar , commonly known as I.
Malik Sir Feroz Khan Noon  was a politician from Pakistan.
Nurul Amin  was a Prime Minister and Vice President of Pakistan.
Muhammad Khan Junejo   was the eleventh Prime Minister of Pakistan.
Ghulam Mustafa Jatoi   was Prime Minister of Pakistan for 3 months, from August 6, 1990 to November 6, 1990.
Nawaz Sharif  (born December 25, 1949 in Lahore, Punjab is a Pakistani politician.
Mir Zafarullah Khan Jamali   is a former Prime Minister of Pakistan.
Shaukat Aziz ,  was the Prime Minister of Pakistan from 2004 to 2007.
Syed Makhdoom Yousaf Raza Gillani   is the twenty-sixth and current Prime Minister of Pakistan.
OpenOffice.org Writer is the word processor part of the OpenOffice.org software package.
Sir Run Run Shaw CBE, GBM  is an important name in Hong Kong cinema.
Stone Sour is a metal band from Iowa, United States.
"Gears of War", sometimes called "Gears", is a third-person shooter videogame developed by Epic Games and published by Microsoft.
Abul Kashem Fazlul Huq "Abul Kashem Fozlul Hôk") , often called Sher-e-Bangla  was a well-known Bengali statesman in the first half of the 20th century.
The Lahore Resolution , commonly known as the Pakistan Resolution , was a political statement adopted by the Muslim League at its three-day general session on 22-24 March 1940 that called for greater Muslim autonomy in British India.
Amritsar Tahsil was a administrative subdivision of the Punjab province of British India.
Meaning.
The Saugor and Nerbudda Territories was a region of British India.
Lilian Jackson Braun  is an American writer.
Faridpur is a district in central Bangladesh.
Barisal  is a division of south-central Bangladesh.
Chittagong Division '  is one of the six administrative divisions of Bangladesh.
Khulna Division is one of the six divisions of Bangladesh and is located in the south-west of the country.
Rajshahi Division is one of the six administrative divisions of Bangladesh.
Sylhet Division is the Northeastern division of Bangladesh, named after its main city, Sylhet.
Barguna is a district in South-western Bangladesh.
Barisal is a district in southern Bangladesh.
Bhola is a district in south-western Bangladesh.
Jhalokati is a district in South-western Bangladesh.
Patuakhali is a district in South-western Bangladesh.
Pirojpur is a district in South-western Bangladesh.
Bangladesh consists of a number of administrative areas called divisions , each named after its respective capital.
There are 64 Districts of Bangladesh known as zilas .
Backergunje, or Bakarganj was a former district of British India in the Dacca division of Eastern Bengal and Assam, and is now mostly in Bangladesh.
Bandarban  is a district in South-Eastern Bangladesh, and a part of the Chittagong Division and the Chittagong Hill Tracts.
Bod is a commune in Braşov County, Romania.
Calafat is a city in Dolj County, Romania.
Dacia was the place where Dacians lived.
The Gepids were an East Germanic Gothic tribe who became famous after defeating the Huns.
The Bahna River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
The Bahna River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Milcov River in Romania.
The Valea Neagră River is a tributary of the Milcov River in Romania.
The Pârâul Tulbure is a tributary of the Milcov River in Romania.
The Argintul River is a tributary of the Milcov River in Romania.
The Dilcov River is a tributary of the Milcov River in Romania.
The Dălhăuţi River is a tributary of the Dilcov River in Romania.
The Bonţeşti River is a tributary of the Dilcov River in Romania.
The Mera River is a tributary of the Milcov River in Romania.
The Arva River is a tributary of the Milcov River in Romania.
The Cerna River is a tributary of the Danube River in Romania.
The Cracăul Alb River is a headwater of the Cracău River in Romania.
The Cracău River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
A commander-in-chief is the commander of a nation's military forces.
The Tisaş River is a tributary of the Asod River in Romania.
Corbu is a commune in Harghita County, Romania.
The Vaman River is a tributary of the Bistricioara River in Romania.
British India Command was the name given to the general staff of the Commander-in-Chief  of British India.
The Pintii River is a tributary of the Bistricioara River in Romania.
The Dieciu River is a tributary of the Coşna River in Romania.
The Turculeţu River is a tributary of the Argel River in Romania.
The Boul River is a tributary of the Moldoviţa River in Romania.
The Boul Mare River is a headwater of the Boul River in Romania.
The Boul Mic River is a headwater of the Boul River in Romania.
The Senator River is a tributary of the Boul River in Romania.
The Governor-General of India was the head of the British administration in British India.
The Ianu River is a tributary of the Boul River in Romania.
The Turbata River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
The Turbata River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
Warren Hastings  was the first Governor-General of India, from 1773 to 1785.
The Mihailei River or Mihaili River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
Argeş is a river in the southern part of Romania.
The Capra River is a headwater of the Argeş River in Romania.
Robert Clive, 1st Baron Clive of Plassey, KB , also known as Clive of India, was a British soldier who established British control in Southern India and Bengal.
The Buda River is a headwater of the Argeş River in Romania.
Râul Doamnei is a tributary of the Argeş River in Romania.
The Râul Mic is a headwater of the Cugir River in Romania.
The Râul Mare or Canciu River is a headwater of the Cugir River in Romania.
Syed Hussain Bilgrami was an Indian Muslim politician and early leader of the All India Muslim League.
Chaudhry Khaliquzzaman was an Indian Muslim politician and leader of the All India Muslim League in the United Provinces .
The Vişeu River is a tributary of Tisza River in Romania.
The Tutova River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania.
The Crasna is a tributary of the Tisza River in Romania and Hungary.
The Dofteana River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
The Latoriţa River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Saciova River is a tributary of the Covasna River in Romania.
The Covasna River is a tributary of the Râul Negru in Romania.
The Pârâul Frumos is a tributary of the Telciu River in Romania.
The Pârâul Noroios is a tributary of the Telciu River in Romania.
The Şaroş River is a tributary of the Pârâul Noroios in Romania.
The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Covasna River in Romania.
The Mocioaia River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
The Feneş River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
Valea Mare  is a commune in Covasna County, Romania.
The Pârâul Mic is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
The Măcicaş River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
The Zagonul Mic River is a headwater of the Zagon River in Romania.
The Zagonul Mare River is a headwater of the Zagon River in Romania.
The Cerna River is a tributary of the Olteţ River in Romania.
The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
The Vaşar River is a tributary of the Talomir River in Romania.
The Avaş River is a tributary of the Vaşar River in Romania.
The Valea Caselor River is a tributary of the Homorod River in Romania.
The Crizbav River is a tributary of the Hotaru in Romania.
Nomi Sunrider is a fictional character in the "Star Wars" universe.
Tobias is a Greek version of the Hebrew biblical name "Tobijah", meaning "Jehovah [God] is good".
A Frisbee is a flying disc.
Iron Maiden is a first album made by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden.
The Bangladesh Awami League  is the mainstream secular political party in Bangladesh.
= Hindustan Period  =.
The Jatiyo Gano Front  is a left-wing political group in Bangladesh.
The Azad Pakistan Party is a left-wing Pakistani party founded by Mian Iftikharuddin an ex-member of the Indian Congress who went on to join the Muslim League that created Pakistan.
The Insaf Party , was a Muslim political party.
The Apna Dal is a political party in India.
The Ambedkar National Congress is a political party based in India.
Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Harold Arthur Deane  was an administrator in British India.
Pakistani English, is the type of the English Language as it is spoken in Pakistan.
Joanne Gignilliat Trimmier Woodward  is an American actress.
ESPN Integration is an agreement between ESPN and Electronic Arts to put various ESPN features in their games.
The Number Of The Beast is the third album by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden, released on 22 March 1982.
Beyoncé Karaoke Hits Vol.
"The Pink Panther" is a comedy film released in 2006.
"Mister Rogers' Neighborhood", or just "Mister Rogers", is an American children's television series that was created and hosted by Fred Rogers.
Dorothy Walker Bush Koch, often called "Doro," , is the daughter of the 41st President of the United States George H.
Albert Dean Rosellini  is a lawyer from the U.S.
The Recea River or Plopi River or Pârâul Plopilor is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
Walter Frederick "Fritz" Mondale  is an American politician who was the forty-second Vice President of the United States  under President Jimmy Carter, a two-term United States Senator from Minnesota, and the Democratic Party nominee for president in 1984, which he lost.
The Nireş River is a headwater of the Tecşe River in Romania.
The Tecşe River is a tributary of the Aita River in Romania.
The Izvorul Alb River is a tributary of the Asău River in Romania.
The Asău River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
The Cracul Mic River is a headwater of the Agăstin River in Romania.
The Cracul Mare River is a headwater of the Agăstin River in Romania.
The Cracul Mare River is a headwater of the Izvorul Alb in Romania.
The Cracul Mic River is a headwater of the Izvorul Alb River in Romania.
The Merişor River is a tributary of the Cracul Mic River in Romania.
The Pârâul Ascuns is a tributary of the Merişor River in Romania.
The Izbicioara River is a tributary of the Abrud River in Romania.
The Cerniţa River is a tributary of the Abrud River in Romania.
The Ciuruleasa River is a tributary of the Cerniţa River in Romania.
The Valea Băieşilor River or Pârâul Băieşilor is a tributary of the Acmariu River in Romania.
The Ciumărna River is a tributary of the Treznea River in Romania.
The Ciumârna River is a tributary of the Moldoviţa River in Romania.
The Cungrea Mică River or Cungrişoara River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Nemţişor River is a tributary of the Neamţ River in Romania.
The Pârâul Florilor is a tributary of the Tumurel River in Romania.
The Stâna River is a tributary of the Camenca River in Romania.
Miep Gies, née Hermine Santrouschitz , is one of the Dutch citizens who hid Anne Frank and her family from the Nazis during World War II.
The Meiu River is a tributary of the Stâna River in Romania.
The Paloşul River is a tributary of the Camenca River in Romania.
The Draniţa River is a tributary of the Camenca River in Romania.
__NOTOC__ A.
"See also List of places within Luton." __NOTOC__ A.
__NOTOC__ A.
__NOTOC__ .
__NOTOC__ A.
The Făgeţel River is a tributary of the Camenca River in Romania.
The Ilva River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
The Silhoasa River or Sihoasa River is a tributary of the Ilva River in Romania.
The Bolovanul River is a tributary of the Ilva River in Romania.
The Ursoaia River is a tributary of the Ilva River in Romania.
The Cucureasa River is a tributary of the Ilva River in Romania.
The Strâmba River is a tributary of the Ilva River in Romania.
The Râul Lupului is a tributary of the Ilva River in Romania.
The Leşu River is a tributary of the Ilva River in Romania.
The Ierboasa River or Erboasa River is a tributary of the Leşu River in Romania.
The Ivăneasa River is a tributary of the Ilva River in Romania.
The Borzontul Mic River is a headwater of the Borzont River in Romania.
The Pietrosu River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Fagu Roşu River is a tributary of the Senetea River in Romania.
The Sineu River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Martonca River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
Gurghiu is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Cucuruzu River is a tributary of the Nedeiu River in Romania.
Sibiu  is a county  of Romania, in the old area of Transylvania.
The Isticeu River is a tributary of the Gurghiu River in Romania.
The Tireu River is a tributary of the Gurghiu River in Romania.
The Valea Glăjăriei River is a tributary of the Gurghiu River in Romania.
The Sebeş River is a tributary of the Gurghiu River in Romania.
The Caşva River is a tributary of the Gurghiu River in Romania.
The Târnăviţa River is a tributary of the Boz River in Romania.
The Furcşoara River is a tributary of the Boz River in Romania.
The Bărăşti River is a tributary of the Boz River in Romania.
The Ghişag River is a tributary of the Cugir River in Romania.
The Jiu River is a tributary of the Râul Mic in Romania.
The Pârâul Rovinei is a headwater of the Strei River in Romania.
The Pârâul Cald is a headwater of the Strei River in Romania.
The Cozma River is a tributary of the Bărbat River in Romania.
The Mauru River is a tributary of the Bărbat River in Romania.
The Sohodol River is a tributary of the Bărbat River in Romania.
The Valea Strâmbă River or Strâmba River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Joagăru River is a tributary of the Valea Strâmbă River in Romania.
The Delniţa River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Gârla Mare is a tributary of the Beica River in Romania.
The Bălşoara River is a tributary of the Beica River in Romania.
The Mamu River is a tributary of the Oporelu Canal in Romania.
The Cernişoru River is a tributary of the Mamu River in Romania.
The Dâlga River is a tributary of the Oporelu Canal in Romania.
The Băzăvan River is a tributary of the Dâlga River in Romania.
The Băzăvan River is a tributary of the Dâlga River in Romania.
The Grădinile River is a tributary of the Suhatul River in Romania.
The Dioşti River is a tributary of the Gologan River in Romania.
The Frăsinet River is a tributary of the Teslui River in Romania.
The Râul Lungenilor is a tributary of the Frăsinet River in Romania.
The Guşoeni River is a tributary of the Pesceana River in Romania.
The Cacova River is a tributary of the Govora River in Romania.
The Hârţa River or Hinţa River is a tributary of the Govora River in Romania.
The Pălăoaia River is a tributary of the Muereasca River in Romania.
The Pârâul Câinelui is a tributary of the Muereasca River in Romania.
The Fântâna Tulbure River is a tributary of the Muereasca River in Romania.
The Pârâul Văcarilor is a tributary of the Betel River in Romania.
The Saşa Mândrei River or Sibiel River is a tributary of the Uria River in Romania.
Gumby is a dark green clay figure who starred in 233 episodes of an American television series called "The Adventures of Gumby".
The Valea Danului River is a tributary of the Uria River in Romania.
The Murgaşu River or Murgaciu River is a tributary of the Uria River in Romania.
The Eghersec River is a tributary of the Uz River in Romania.
The Leica River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
The Valea Boului River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
The Cleja River or Climăuţ River or Moise River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
The Drăgan River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania.
The Valea Ursului River is a tributary of the Rebra River in Romania.
The Hubble Ultra Deep Field, or HUDF, is an image of a small part of space in the constellation Fornax.
Konstantin Eduardovich Tsiolkovsky   was a Russian man who pioneered spaceflight a century before it was actually done.
The Brisbane Broncos are a rugby league team that is based in Brisbane.
The Chishima Islands dispute is a territorial issue between Japan and Russia about the Chishima Islands.
Okinotorishima  is an atoll, an island in the Japanese south end.
Yahata Nishi-ku is one of the ward in Kitakyūshū.
In Japan, a ward  is one of the divisions of a large cities.
"Dreamgirls" is a Broadway musical, which originally ran in New York City for over a thousand performances between December 20, 1981 and August 11, 1985.
A, also known as a or, is a type of city in Japan.
A robbery is the act of stealing from a person or organisation using violence or by causing fear.
"Pepsi Music 2004" is am EP by American singers Beyoncé Knowles, P!nk, Britney Spears, Enrique Iglesias, Solange & JC Chasez.
Religion.
The United States Atomic Energy Commission was an agency of the United States government, started after World War II by the United States Congress.
Vilnius is the capital of Lithuania.
The Peţa River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania.
The Valea Iadului River is a headwater of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
The Valea Runcu River is a headwater of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
The Boşorogu River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
The Maja River or Corund River is a tributary of the Crasna River in Romania.
The Pârâul Şerpuit is a tributary of the Maja River in Romania.
The Cerna River is a tributary of the Maja River in Romania.
The Ciuta River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
The Zanicel River or Bobota River is a tributary of the Crasna River in Romania.
The Valea Neagră River is a tributary of the Crasna River.
The Berea River is a tributary of the Valea Neagră River in Romania.
Carl Reiner  is an American actor, movie director, producer, writer and comedian.
The Brăneasa River is a tributary of the Valea Ursului River in Romania.
The Fântâna Cerbului River is a tributary of the Brăneasa River in Romania.
The Dudurugu River is a tributary of the Brăneasa River in Romania.
The Sterpu River is a headwater of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
The Pârâul Afinelor is a tributary of the Sterpu River in Romania.
The Voineagu River is a tributary of the Sterpu River in Romania.
The Voinegel River is a tributary of the Sterpu River in Romania.
"Your Show of Shows" was a 90-minute long comedy television series appearing weekly in the United States on NBC, from 1950 until June 5, 1954.
The Frasinu River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
The Tisa River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
The Prejba River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
The is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Valea Neagră River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
The Podragu River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
The Izvorul Tomnatecului River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
The Şoarecu River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Valea Cerbului River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
The Mogoşu River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
The Stroieşti River is a tributary of the Mogoşu River in Romania.
"Donnie Darko" is a dramatic movie released in 2001.
Richard Widmark  was a well known American actor of movies, stage, radio and television.
The Mătrăguna River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
The Pituluşul River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
The Pârâul Mielului or Izvorul Mielului River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
The Cotoreşti River is a tributary of the Surdu River in Romania.
The Dăneasa River is a tributary of the Surdu River in Romania.
The Iezerul Mic is a headwater of the Râul Mare in Romania.
The Iezerul Mare is a headwater of the Râul Mare in Romania.
The Zăvoaie River is a tributary of the Sibiel River in Romania.
The Şugău River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
The Valea Blondă River is a tributary of the Şugău River in Romania.
The Ţurcatele River is a tributary of the Şugău River in Romania.
The Teuz River is a tributary of the Crişul Negru River in Romania.
The Iacoberi River is a tributary of the Teuz River in Romania.
The Valea Nouă River is a tributary of the Teuz River in Romania.
The Gropoi River is a tributary of the Teuz River in Romania.
The Groşeni River or Groşi River is a tributary of the Teuz River in Romania.
The Ursoiu River is a tributary of the Groşeni River in Romania.
The Lotrişoara Mare River or Valea Cailor River or Lotriorul River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
The Danca River is a headwater of the Lotrişoara Mare River in Romania.
The Măcica River is a tributary of the Danca River in Romania.
The Pologaşu River or Măgura River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
The Sfârcaşu River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
The Gârcu River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
The Pârâul lui Albu River is a headwater of the Lotrişoara Mare River in Romania.
The Poiana River is a tributary of the Lotrişoara Mare River in Romania.
The Pârâul Vacii is a tributary of the Lotrişoara Mare River in Romania.
The Oancea River is a tributary of the Lotrişoara Mare River in Romania.
The Valea Căldării River is a tributary of the Sfârcaşu River in Romania.
The Râul Jnepenişului is a tributary of the Sfârcaşu River in Romania.
The Stâna River is a tributary of the Sfârcaşu River in Romania.
The Gârcu Mic River is a headwater of the Gârcu River in Romania.
Virgin Atlantic is an airline that is based in the United Kingdom.
A paramedic is a person who works outside a hospital and goes to help at an emergency.
Artemis Fowl is a book written by Eoin Colfer.
The Gârcu Mare River is a headwater of the Gârcu River in Romania.
The Gârculeţul River is a tributary of the Gârcu River in Romania.
The Fişer River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
The Gherghelău River is a tributary of the Fişer River in Romania.
The anaconda is the biggest snake in the world.
Luise Rainer  is a two-time Academy Award-winning German movie actress.
"Ice Road Truckers" is an American documentary-style reality television series that first appeared on television on The History Channel on June 17, 2007 .
The American Music Awards show is a major American music awards shows .
James Newell Osterberg, Jr.
A sniper is a soldier in an army who has special training with sniper rifles.
Joe D'Amato  was an italian film  director.
A sniper rifle is a type of gun used to accurately shoot targets a long distance away.
Harry Power, , was a famous Australian bushranger.
Behrain is a popular hill station located in Swat District, Sarhad, Pakistan.
The Galyat region is an area roughly 50-80km north-east of Islamabad, Pakistan, on both sides of the NWFP-Punjab border.
The Kalam valley is a valley in the upper reaches of the Swat River in Swat, in the North-West Frontier Province  of Pakistan.
Malam Jabba  is a Hill Station in the Karakoram mountain range nearly 40km from Saidu Sharif in Swat Valley, Sarhad, Pakistan.
Patriata also known as New Murree is a hill station in northern Punjab, Pakistan.
Charra Pani is a hill station in the Galyat region of northern Pakistan.
An invest in meteorology   is a labelled area of bad weather that is being looked at for a possible tropical cyclone being made.
Nubra Valley is situated about 150 km north of Leh, the capital town of Ladakh, Occupied Kashmir.
The Suru valley is a valley in the Ladakh region of Jammu and Kashmir, which is drained by the Suru River , a tributary of the Indus River.
Bullet for my Valentine often known as BFMV are a heavy metal band from Wales.
The Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol  is a protocol for instant messaging.
Joseph William Namath , also known as Broadway Joe, is a former American football quarterback.
Phillip Martin Simms  is a former American football quarterback, and currently a television sportscaster for the CBS network.
A "shabono"  is a hut used by the Yanomami indios, who live in southeastern Venezuela and in northern Roraima, Brazil.
Aaron Charles Rodgers  is the starting American football quarterback for the Green Bay Packers of the NFL.
Intellect is the capacity of the mind by which one reasons.
Submission was a movie made in 2004.
Transmutation is one of the most basic processes in Alchemy.
A Psychologist is someone who studies and practices Psychology as a job.
Johannes Heesters  is a Dutch actor, singer, and entertainer.
The Luncşoara River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
The Obârşiţa River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
The Mereşti River is a tributary of the Homorodul Mic River in Romania.
The Păstrăvul River is a tributary of the Homorodul Mic River in Romania.
The Valea Românilor River is a tributary of the Homorodul Mic River in Romania.
The World Bank is an international bank that lends money and other help to developing nations.
Crayfish are crustaceans that are also known as crawdads, crawfish, and freshwater lobsters; they are closely related to lobsters, crabs, and shrimp.
Chappaquiddick is a place in Massachusetts, in the United States.
A variable star is a star that is sometimes brighter or dimmer and does not stay the same brightness.
Domination and submission is a lifestyle.
An appendectomy or appendicectomy is when doctors remove the vermiform appendix.
Donald Campbell Dewar  was the first First Minister of Scotland from 1999 until his death in 2000.
The Governor-General of Pakistan was the resident representative of King George VI in Pakistan from 1947 to 1952 and then Queen Elizabeth II  from 1952 until 1956 when Pakistan was proclaimed a republic.
Hunza Valley  is a mountainous valley near Gilgit in the Northern Areas of Pakistan.
The Kaghan valley is a valley in the Mansehra District of the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Kunar Valley  or Chitral Valley is a valley in Afghanistan and Pakistan.
Nagar Valley (Urdu.
Naran Valley  is located in North-West Frontier Province, Pakistan.
The Rupal Valley is located in the Astore District of Pakistan's Northern Areas.
The Skardu Valley is located in the Northern Areas of Pakistan.
The Yasin Valley is a high mountain valley in the Hindu Kush mountains, in the northwest region of Gilgit in the Northern Areas of Pakistan.
Dmitry Medvedev is the President of Russia, officially on May 7, 2008.
Date: October 31, 1959 Plot.
Date: May 30, 1959 .
BBC Three is a British television channel from the BBC.
"Nerf N-Strike" is an upcoming video game being made Electronic Arts.
Emperor/Empress of India  was used as a title by the last Mughal emperor Bahadur Shah II, and also by the colonial British monarchs during the British Raj in India.
A radish is an edible root vegetable of the Brassicaceae family.
Glenn Seaborg (April 19, 1912 - Feb.
Image:Bob McGrath Sesame Place headshot.jpg|250px|thumb|right|Bob McGrath before a Sesame Place concert starts.
BBC Radio 3 is a national radio station operated by the BBC within the United Kingdom.
NERF  is a brand name of foam-based toy weaponry.
Disney Interactive is a video game publisher that publishes video games based on Disney properties.
BBC Radio 4 is a domestic UK radio station which broadcasts a wide variety of spoken-word programmes including news, drama, comedy, science and history.
BBC Four is a television channel operated by the BBC.
The Indian Skipper frog or Skittering frog  is a common frog found in South Asia.
The Cricket Frog  limnocharis") is a species of frog found in South Asia.
"Fejervarya syhadrensis" is a species of frog found in South Asia.
"Paa vicina" is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.
"Paa sternosignata" is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.
"Paa hazarensis" is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.
Cricket frogs, genus "Acris", are small, North American frogs of the family Hylidae.
The Common Indian Toad or Common Asiatic/Asian Toad or Black-spined Toad  is a species of toad that is common in South Asia.
"Bufo olivaceus" is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.
Indus Valley toad  is a species of toad endemic to Pakistan, from the plains to about 1800m.
"Duttaphrynus himalayanus" is a species of toad found in the Himalayan region of Pakistan and Indian occupied Kashmir.
"Bufo latastii" is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.
"Amolops himalayanus" is a species of frog found in Asia.
"Bufo pseudoraddei" is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family.
"Euphlyctis ghoshi" is a species of frog found in Asia.
The Himalayan Newt  is a species of salamander found in South Asia and Southeast Asia.
The Afghan Hedgehog  is a subspecies of the Long-eared Hedgehog native to Afghanistan and western Pakistan.
The argali or mountain sheep  is a wild sheep.
Marco Polo sheep  is a wild sheep, and a subspecies of the Argali.
The Asian Black Bear , also known as the Asiatic Black Bear, Tibetan Black Bear, the Himalayan Black Bear, or the Moon Bear, is a medium sized, sharp-clawed, black-colored bear with a distinctive white or cream "V" marking on its chest.
The Asiatic Cheetah  is a subspecies of the cheetah.
The Asiatic Lion  is a subspecies of the lion.
Usually each partition contains exactly one file system.
The Honey Badger , also known as the Ratel, is a member of the Mustelidae family.
The Balochistan Forest Dormouse  is a species of rodent in the Gliridae family.
The Baluchistan Pygmy Jerboa  is a species of rodent in the Dipodidae family.
The Himalayan Brown Bear  is a subspecies of the Brown Bear.
The Syrian Brown Bear  is the smallest subspecies of Brown Bear.
The bharal or Himalayan blue sheep  is a mammal of the Caprinae subfamily.
Blackbuck  is a species of antelope.
The Jungle Cat , also called the swamp lynx , is a medium-small cat, but is now considered the largest remaining species of the wild cat genus "Felis".
The Sand Cat  is a small wild cat of the Felinae subfamily.
The Chinkara  or Jabeer Gazelle is a species of gazelle found in South Asia.
The Corsac Fox , also known as the Steppe Fox, is a medium-sized Asiatic fox species.
The Eurasian Brown Bear  is a subspecies of the Brown Bear .
The Eurasian Wolf  is a subspecies of the Grey Wolf .
The False Killer Whale  is a cetacean and one of the larger members of the oceanic dolphin family .
The Blanford's Fox , is a small fox.
In Flames is a heavy metal band from Gothenburg, Sweden.
The Baiji  called also Chinese River Dolphin  is a river dolphin.
At the Gates is a heavy metal band from Gothenburg, Sweden.
The Bengal Fox , also known as the Indian Fox, is a fox.
The Clouded Leopard  is a medium-sized cat, 55 to 110 cm  long and weighing between 15 and 23 kg .
The Government of India Act 1935 was the last constitution of British India, there were no more after this and in 1947 British India was split into Pakistan and India.
Brahmanbaria  is a district in east-central Bangladesh.
The Dhund Abbasi are a tribe of northern Pakistan, they are mainly settled in Abbottabad District and Murree Tehsil.
Bangladesh Standard Time  codice_1 is the time zone of Bangladesh.
The scheme runs from the last Sunday in March to the last Sunday in October each year.
Frederica Sagor Maas  is an American playwright, screenwriter, essayist and author, the youngest daughter of Russian immigrants.
The Western schism was a split within the Roman Catholic Church which happened betweeb 1378 and 1417.
The Avignon Papacy refers to the 70 years when the popes lived in Avignon, rather than in Rome.
John Wycliffe  was a theologian.
The Conciliar Movement was a Christian reform movement in the 14th and 15th centuries in the Roman Catholic Church which held that final authority in spiritual matters resided with the Church as corporation of Christians, embodied by a general church council, not with the Pope.
A merchet was a fine paid on a marriage in the Middle Ages in England.
Jacquerie was a large uprising in late medieval Europe by French peasants in 1358 protesting heavy taxation in the Oise valley north of Paris.
White-collar crime refers to crimes committed by high-ranking officials, nobles and people of high status.
WQED  is a PBS television station based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The Peking University  is a prestigious university located in Beijing, China that was created in 1898.
Wizet is a Korean company that makes video games.
A spotter is a soldier in an army who helps a sniper hit what he is shooting at.
A sniper scope is a kind of telescope that is attached on the top of a rifle.
Burlap is kind of fiber.
Yute is a kind of fiber or thread.
A ghillie suit is a special kind of camouflage suit used by snipers.
Counter-sniping is a job performed by soldiers in an army to find and kill an enemy sniper.
Gunnery Sergeant Carlos Norman Hathcock II  was a U.S.
Sunda Strait is the Strait that is between the islands of Java and Sumatra in Indonesia.
The German Bundesliga 93/94 was the 31st German Bundesliga.
The German Bundesliga 99/00 was the 45th German Bundesliga.
An answering machine ) is a machine.
A vocation  is a job that suits a person best.
"The Daily Telegraph" is a newspaper published in Sydney, Australia.
"The West Australian" is a newspaper published in Perth, Australia.
"The Daily Telegraph" is a British broadsheet newspaper, founded in 1855.
Missy Higgins  is an Australian singer and songwriter.
Very often, backup media are portable, so they can be easily moved and stored in a safe place.
This is a complete list of ice hockey players who have played for the Calgary Flames  in the National Hockey League .
Colin Matthew Delaney  is an American professional wrestler best known for working with World Wrestling Entertainment  on its ECW brand.
There are two lists of ice hockey players who have played for the Calgary Flames in the National Hockey League .
Abstract is theoretical, not concrete or physical.
Seminar is a conference for discussion or training.
WYSIWYG , is an acronym for "What You See Is What You G'"et", used in computing to describe a system where things you type when you are editing appear almost the same to the final output, which might be a printed document, a web page, a powerpoint presentation or even the lighting for a concert.
Philosopher's Stone is an alchemical substance capable of turning base  metals into pure gold.
OpenOffice.org Calc is the spreadsheet part of the OpenOffice.org software package.
Ernest Gary Gygax   was an American writer and game designer, best known for co-creating the early role-playing game "Dungeons & Dragons"  with Dave Arneson in 1974.
The Golden Jackal , also called the Asiatic, Oriental or Common Jackal is a carnivorous mammal of the Canidae family.
The Dhole , also known as the Asiatic Wild Dog, Indian Wild Dog or Red Dog is a mammal of the order Carnivora, and the only member of the genus "Cuon".
The Tibetan Sand Fox  is species of true fox.
Rüppell's Fox , also spelled "Rueppell's Fox" and also called the Sand Fox, is a species of fox.
The Iranian wolf  is a subspecies of Grey Wolf which ranges from Lebanon, Northern Israel, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Afghanistan, Pakistan, and Iran.
Recent genetic research suggests that the Indian Wolf, originally considered only as a subpopulation of the Iranian Wolf , may represent a distinct species .
Fraser's Dolphin  or Sarawak Dolphin is a cetacean in the oceanic dolphin family .
The Egyptian Fruit Bat or Egyptian Rousette  is a species of Old World fruit bat.
The Goitered Gazelle, Black-tailed Gazelle or Persian gazelle  is a species of gazelle.
The Great Gerbil  is a large gerbil.
The Himalayan Goral , also known as the Gray Goral, is a member of the Caprinae subfamily.
The Hog Deer  is small deer.
Songs About Jane is the debut album by pop-rock alternative band Maroon 5.
"Harder to Breathe" is the first single and the first track of Maroon 5's first album "Songs About Jane".
She Will Be Loved is the third single off the debut album by rock band Maroon 5 called Songs About Jane.
"Sunday Morning" was released by the pop/rock band Maroon 5.
Live - Friday the 13th is the second live album by Maroon 5.
"J.A.R." is a song by American punk rock band Green Day.
"Angus" is a 1995 comedy-drama film directed by Patrick Read Johnson and written by Jill Gordon.
Kharkiv is a city in Ukraine.
Opeth is a heavy metal band from Stockholm, Sweden.
It Won't Be Soon Before Long is the second studio album by Maroon 5 released in May of 2007.
"Makes Me Wonder" is the first single off the second studio album by Maroon 5 called "It Won't Be Soon Before Long".
"Wake Up Call" is the second single off the second studio album by Maroon 5 called "It Won't Be Soon Before Long".
EMI is a music company based in London and New York.
"Won't Go Home Without You" is the third single off the album by pop-rock band Maroon 5 called "It Won't Be Soon Before Long".
Sir Richard Charles Nicholas Branson  is a businessman from England.
The State University of New York Health Science Center at Brooklyn , is a medical center in the Borough of Brooklyn in New York City.
"If I Never See Your Face Again" is the 4th single by Maroon 5.
Goodnight Goodnight is the fifth single by pop-rock band Maroon 5 on the album "It Won't Be Soon Before Long".
Gavin DeGraw (b.
"I Don't Want to Be" is the debut single by Gavin Degraw on his debut album Chariot.
"Chariot" is an album by rock singer Gavin Degraw.
"This article is about the mode of transport, for the album see Chariot " A chariot is a type of transport used by many ancient civilisations and people.
Market share, in business and marketing, is the portion  of the targeted consumer base  that a company actually reaches, for a particular service or product.
OpenOffice.org Impress, a part of the OpenOffice.org office suite package and created by Sun Microsystems, is a presentation program similar to Microsoft PowerPoint.
The Oval Office is the official office of the President of the United States currently that is George W.
Scars on Broadway is an American metal band featuring three ex members from System of a Down.
The Church of Satan is a group that seeks the acceptance of human nature and the self, as it is described in "The Satanic Bible", written in 1969 by Anton LaVey.
Haines City High School or HCHS is the oldest public high school in Haines City, Florida.
"Kung Fu Panda" is a 2008 animated film about a bungling panda who aspires to be a kung fu warrior.
"Forrest Gump" is a 1986 novel by Winston Groom.
Appendicitis is a medical condition.
Chandpur is a district in east-central Bangladesh.
Chittagong District is a district located in the south-eastern region of Bangladesh.
"Banglapedia", or the "National Encyclopedia of Bangladesh", is the first Bangladeshi encyclopedia.
However the Bengal Presidency also later included other areas that are now part of Pakistan and India.
A vet or a veterinarian, is someone who gives animals medical treatment.
General Sir James Abbott  was a British army officer in colonial India.
The Republic of North Ossetia-Alania  is a small republic in the north of the Caucasus which is part of Russia.
Bernard Fanning is the singer, guitarist and main song-writer for the Australian rock band Powderfinger.
A SWAT team is a group of highly trained police officers who deal with very dangerous criminals.
Commandos are military soldiers who have been highly trained in combat.
The White Nights Festival in St.
Infantry is the branch of a country's army that is trained to fight and kill enemy soldiers.
Special Forces are elite soldiers in a military.
Bryan Ezra Tsumoru Clay  is an American decathlete — the 2008 Olympic gold medalist and 2004 Olympic silver medalist.
Monarch Airlines is a budget airline which is based in the United Kingdom.
A budget airline or low-cost carrier is an airline which tries to keep its prices and fares lower than competitors.
"Madagascar" is a 2005 computer-animated film produced by DreamWorks Animation, and released to movie theaters on May 27,2005.
The Convention People's Party  was a political party made by Kwame Nkrumah in 1949.
Purchasing Power Parity  is in economic theory about the exchange rates of currency.
Violet Baudelaire is a fictional character in the popular children's book series, "A Series of Unfortunate Events" by Lemony Snicket.
The idea of a flat Earth is that the surface of the Earth is flat .
John Gilbert  was a famous Australian bushranger.
Sunny Baudelaire is one of the main characters from Lemony Snicket's series of books, "A Series of Unfortunate Events".
Klaus Baudelaire is a fictional character in the popular children's book series, "A Series of Unfortunate Events" by Lemony Snicket.
Christopher Emmanuel Paul  is a professional basketball player who currently plays point guard for the New Orleans Hornets of the NBA.
 1992 Men's Basketball Team  - "The Dream Team" .
Anastasia "Nastia" Valeryevna Liukin, born October 30, 1989, is a American artistic gymnast.
Shawn Machel Johnson  is an American artistic gymnast.
Neuschwanstein Castle actually means New Swan Castle.
Paul Maurice Kelly was born on 13 January 1955 in Adelaide, South Australia).
Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder  is a kind of illness.
The Prevalence is a measure from Statistics.
Apologetic proverbs , make fun of proverbs by showing that they are wrong, in some situations.
Powderfinger is a rock band from Brisbane, Australia.
Ozone is a chemical with the symbol O3.
Muhammad Hashim Gazdar  was mayor of Karachi in the Sindh province of Pakistan.
Jaisalmer, nicknamed "The Golden City", is a town in the Indian state of Rajasthan.
The Eighth Schedule to the Indian Constitution contains a list of 22 scheduled languages.
The Treaty of Lahore was signed on 9 March, 1846 after the First Sikh War.
The Treaty of Amritsar was signed on March 16, 1846 to settle a dispute over territory in Kashmir after the First Sikh War with the United Kingdom.
Amritsar , meaning: "The Lake of the Holy Nectar", is the capital of the Amritsar District in the state of Punjab, India.
Amritsar district is one of 19 districts in the state of Punjab in West India.
Lahore Division was a former division of the Punjab Province of Pakistan.
The Divisions of Pakistan used to be a subdivision of Pakistan's provinces.
The former subdivisions of Pakistan are states, provinces and territories of Pakistan.
Kalat Division was an administrative division of the Balochistan Province of Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 abolished it.
Makran Division  was an administrative division of the Balochistan Province of Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 abolished it.
Nasirabad Division was an administrative division of the Balochistan Province of Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 abolished it.
Norwalk  is in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.
Emma Rose Lima is an American child actress.
Makran  is a partly-desert coastal strip in the south of Balochistan, in Iran and Pakistan, along the coast of the Arabian Sea and the Gulf of Oman.
The Geography of Iran contains mountains, rivers as well as plain land.
The Subdivisions of Pakistan contain four provinces and two territories.
Subsidiarity is an idea that things should be handled by the smallest, lowest or least centralised authority.
Pakistan-administrated Kashmir  is a territory in Asia.
Just Dance is a 2008 song by Lady GaGa, from the album The Fame.
The Districts of Pakistan are the third level of government in Pakistan and are subdivisions of the provinces of Pakistan.
Rose Marion Tyler is a character in the British television series "Doctor Who".
Kashmir and Jammu was a princely state next to the territories of British India.
Automatix was a computer program to install software on Ubuntu in a easy way.
The Jallianwala Bagh Massacre, also known as the Amritsar Massacre, was named after the Jallianwala Bagh  in the northern Indian city of Amritsar where, on April 13, 1919, British Indian Army soldiers under the command of Brigadier-General Reginald Dyer opened fire on an unarmed gathering of men, women and children.
The British Indian Army, officially called simply the Indian Army , was the army in British India during British rule .
The presidency armies were the armies of the three presidencies of British India.
The Bombay Presidency was a former province of British India.
The word Mahārāja  is Sanskrit for "great king" or "high king".
Jallianwala Bagh is a public garden in Amritsar city in Punjab province of India.
Almaty , also "Verniy", ) is the largest city in Kazakhstan.
Banjo-Kazooie is a video game made by Rare for the Nintendo 64 in 1998.
Halo Wars is an upcoming real-time strategy video game for the Xbox 360.
"Project Gotham Racing" often known as PGR is a series of driving video games published by Microsoft for the Xbox and Xbox 360 consoles.
Indian Standard Time  is the time observed throughout India, with a time offset of.
A time offset is defined by international convention as a number of hours and minutes from Coordinated Universal Time in Greenwich, England.
This is a list of time zones, sorted by time offsets from Coordinated Universal Time .
Bydales School is a secondary school in Marske-by-the-Sea, England which has about 750 students.
"In Love With A Girl" is the #1 single by Gavin Degraw on the album Gavin DeGraw.
Vinje is a place  in the county of Telemark, Norway.
The 1979–80 NHL season was the 63rd season of the National Hockey League.
An Union Territory is a sub-national administrative division of India.
The viola d'amore is a string instrument which was popular in the 17th and 18th century.
Sœur Emmanuelle  was a Belgian-born French nun.
The 1978–79 NHL season was the 62nd season of the National Hockey League.
The 1934–35 NHL season was the 18th season of the National Hockey League.
David Alexander Paterson  is an American politician and the current Governor of New York.
The 1972–73 NHL season was the 56th season of the National Hockey League.
Justified is the debut album by rhythm and blues entertainer Justin Timberlake.
Rock Your Body is the 3rd single off the debut album by pop singer Justin Timberlake called Justified.
The 1947–48 NHL season was the 31st season of the National Hockey League.
Aimee Anne Duffy often known simply as Duffy is a Welsh soul singer and songwriter.
Funeral for a Friend often known as FFAF are a Welsh post-hardcore band.
The Chicago Spire is a very large skyscraper that is being built in Chicago, Illinois.
Rickrolling is an internet meme that includes Rick Astley singing his 1987 song called Never Gonna Give You Up.
A stable is a building for livestock animals such as horses or cows to live in.
Dagne Groven Myhren is a Norwegian writer who researches literature.
Aslak Brekke  was a Norwegian vocalist of stev .
Image:Mutiny bounty 5.jpg|thumb|a> in a small boat.
Printmaking making art by printing pictures, normally on paper.
An old master print is a work of art made by a printing process.
Web colors are colors used in designing webpages, and the ways for describing and listing those colors.
Warner Music Group is a record label from New York City.
Aslak Brekke og visune hans is a Norwegian / English book that has in it a collection of stev and Norwegian folk songs.
OpenOffice.org Base is the database module released with OpenOffice.org version 2.0.
Mozilla software.
Mammary intercourse describes a sex act, performed as foreplay or as non-penetrative sex, that involves the stimulation of the male penis by the female breasts.
Shams-ud-din Iltutmish  was the third Muslim Turkic sultan of the Sultanate of Delhi and the third ruler of the Mamlukdynasty .
Lightweight means any computer program, text, or item that is not heavy or bulky, or contains massive amounts of bloatware, such as Microsoft Windows.
The 1951–52 NHL season was the 35th season of the National Hockey League.
Christopher John Osgood  is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender with the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League.
Darren Middleton is the guitarist in the Australian rock band, Powderfinger.
Lochee is a district of Dundee, a city in Angus, Scotland.
The 2008 Atlantic hurricane season is the current hurricane season.
"Eruca sativa" (syn.
Edward Emerson Barnard was an American astronomer.
The Solar Wind is not, as the name suggests, wind.
"Fireproof" is a 2008 American drama movie from Sherwood Pictures.
The brown rat, common rat, Hanover rat, Norway rat, Norwegian rat, or wharf rat  is one of the best known and most common rats, and also one of the largest.
"Mulan II" is a Disney 2005 movie and the sequel to the 1998 animated movie "Mulan".
Sherwood Pictures is a movie-making company based in Albany, Georgia.
klik is a system for software download and use on Linux.
Zero Install is a way to distribute and package software for Linux and Unix-like operating systems.
Sentosa is a resort island at the south of Singapore.
The British Uganda Programme was a plan to give a piece of East Africa, owned by the British, to Jewish people to live in.
Frank Gardiner  was a famous Australian bushranger.
Razia al-Din or Razia Sultana  was one of the rulers of the Delhi Sultanate.
Caravaca de la Cruz is a city of the of the Autonomous Community of Murcia, in Spain.
The Bangladeshi film industry, popularly known as Dollywood , has been based in Bangladesh's capital, Dhaka, since 1956.
The Fray is a rock band formed in 2002.
The 1955–56 NHL season was the 39th season of the National Hockey League.
An illustrator is an artist who draws either on books, Internet webpages or other types of entertainment.
Scarborough is a town on the North Sea coast of North Yorkshire, England.
A fish farm is a place where fish are bred for food.
A mansion is a large house.
"The Miserable Mill" is a book by Lemony Snicket.
Mass Effect is an award winning, 2007, science fiction video game published by Microsoft and developed by Bioware.
Free and open source software  is software whose source is open and available to anyone who wishes to improve, study or modify it, and share the original and the modifications with others.
The free software movement is a software movement which aims to improve the user's rights on software and reducing proprietary  software through the use of operating systems such as Ubuntu.
How to Save a Life is a studio album by The Fray.
"How to Save a Life" is an alternative rock song off the album by The Fray called "How to Save a Life".
Mount Chimborazo is a mountain and a dormant or inactive volcano in Ecuador.
OpenOffice.org Draw is a vector graphics editor and is part of the OpenOffice.org office suite.
OpenOffice.org Math is a tool for creating and editing mathematical formulas, similar to Microsoft Equation Editor and is part of the OpenOffice.org office suite.
Anthony Michael Lazzeri was a Major League Baseball player, mostly for the New York Yankees.
Bharati Maqbuza Kashmir or Occupied Kashmir is a Disputed state in the north of India, claimed by the Kashmiris and the government of Pakistan what the Republic of India calls it the so-called Jammu and Kashmir area 139,000 SqKm , population 6 million .
Revolution Studios is a movie production company founded in 2000 and closed in 2007.
Nose-picking is the act of sticking an index finger up inside a nose and digging inside.It is a taboo subject in most countries and is considered to be very gross and disgusting dispite being a very common habit.
An adiabatic process is where there is no change in heat.
The Land Rush of 1889, also known as the Oklahoma Land Run, was the first land run into the Unassigned Lands of Oklahoma.
The Five Civilized Tribes is the term applied to five Native American nations, the Cherokee, Chickasaw, Choctaw, Creek, and Seminole, considered civilized by white settlers during that time period because they adopted many of the colonists' customs and had generally good relations with their neighbors.
Anadarko is a city in Caddo County, Oklahoma, United States.
The petroleum industry includes the global processes of exploration, extraction, refining, transporting , and marketing petroleum products.
Cyrus Stevens Avery  was known as the "Father of Route 66".
U.S.
Green chemistry or "sustainable chemistry" is a branch of chemistry that can be used to look at the impact a chemical process has on the environment.
Kata  is a Japanese word which is used in some martial arts.
DSLinux is a port of the Linux operating system to the Nintendo DS platform.
A virtual machine is a virtual appliance that exists through Virtualization.
gNewSense is a free software-only Ubuntu based distro.
The Melon-headed Whale  is a mammal of the oceanic dolphin family.
The Nilgai  is an antelope.
Boys Like Girls is an American alternative-pop rock band formed in Boston.
The Cetiţa River is a tributary of the Cetea River in Romania.
Helenus is a person in Greek mythology.
The Kikones or Cicones were a tribe of Thracians.
Xebian is an fork of the Debian Linux project, ported to run on the xbox platform.
Novell Inc.
The Valea Babei River is a tributary of the Gârbova River in Romania.
The Valea Fâneţelor is a tributary of the Gârbova River in Romania.
Continental climate is a climate that is characterized by winter temperatures cold enough to support a fixed period of snow cover each year, and relatively moderate precipitation occurring mostly in summer.
The American Indoor Soccer League or AISL originally considered itself a minor indoor soccer league.
The U.S.
The Herja River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
Cultural heritage  is the legacy of physical artifacts and intangible attributes of a group or society that are inherited from past generations, maintained in the present and bestowed for the benefit of future generations.
The Frontier Strip refers to the six states in the United States forming a north-south line from North Dakota to Texas.
The Storm Prediction Center , located in Norman, Oklahoma, is part of the National Centers for Environmental Prediction.
The Valea Negrului River is a tributary of the Herja River in Romania.
A traditional tribal chief is the leader of a tribe, or the head of a tribal form of self-government.
The Valea Iezerului River is a tributary of the Herja River in Romania.
The Valea Castanului is a tributary of the Gârbova River in Romania.
The Valea Călimachi is a tributary of the Valea Castanului River in Romania.
The Valea Dracului is a tributary of the Valea Castanului River in Romania.
The Valea Tâclului River is a tributary of the Valea Castanului River in Romania.
Megalodon was an ancient shark that may have been 40 feet  long or even more.
The Dust Bowl was a period of severe dust storms causing major ecological and agricultural damage to American and Canadian prairie lands from 1930 to 1936 and also in some parts through the 1940s.
Passionfruit are small, spherical fruit.
Mosasaurus was a giant, meat-eating marine reptiles  that lived during the late Cretaceous period.
"Nevermind" is the second studio album by the American grunge band, Nirvana.
Timothy James McVeigh  was a United States Army veteran and security guard who bombed the Alfred P.
The Alfred P.
In law, a conviction is the verdict that results when a court of law finds a defendant guilty of a crime.
The Oklahoma City bombing was a terrorist attack on April 19, 1995 on the U.S.
A reservoir refers to an artificial lake, used to store water for various uses.
Terry Lynn Nichols  is a U.S.
Cimarron County is a county located in the U.S.
Lethal injection refers to the practice of injecting a person with a fatal dose of drugs for the explicit purpose of causing the death of the subject.
James Mountain "Jim" Inhofe  is a American politician from Oklahoma.
Oklahoma was admitted to the Union on November 16, 1907.
Thomas Allen "Tom" Coburn, M.D.
Bixby is a city in Tulsa and Wagoner counties in the U.S.
Midwest City is a city in Oklahoma County, Oklahoma, United States, and a part of the Oklahoma City metropolitan area.
The council-manager government is one of two main variations of representative municipal government in the United States that began in Staunton, Virginia in 1908.
The Mayor-Council government system, sometimes called the Mayor-Commission government system, is one of two variations of government most commonly used in modern representative municipal governments in the United States.
Major professional sports league, or simply major league, is the term used in Canada and the United States to refer to the highest professional division in any team sport.
Oklahoma Rose is a hybrid tea rose.
Okemah is a city in Okfuskee County, Oklahoma, United States.
Coppo di Marcovaldo, , was an artist who was born in Florence and worked in that part of Italy in the Late Medieval period.
Powys is an area of central Wales, next to England.
Cimabue, , was a painter from Florence in Italy who worked in the Late Medieval period.
Pietro Cavallini,  was a painter who lived and worked in Rome in Italy in the Late Medieval period.
Lollapalooza is a music festival.
East Tyrol  is a small part of the Austrian state of Tyrol, located in the ost part of the state.
Indian blanket  is a short-lived annual flowering plant native to the central United States.
The Perineum is the area of the human body found between the lower ending of the vagina in females and the scrotum in males, and the anus.
A jar is a type of container, mostly used to store food.
South Tyrol  ist the Province of Bolzano-Bozen , also referred to in English as Alto Adige  or South Tyrol  is an autonomous province of Italy.
The Flag of Thailand has five rows of stripes in the colours red, white, and blue.
This is a list of names used for flags .
"Just Stand Up!" is a song featuring the vocals of an all-star group of pop/rock performers, including this is the order in which they are listed on the cover Mariah Carey, Beyoncé, Mary J.
Sam Houston State University is a university in Huntsville, Texas.
Jeffery Michael Gordon  is a professional American race car driver.
Indiangrass , also called Indian grass, is a North American prairie grass, and is the official state grass of both Oklahoma and South Carolina.
Port Silt Loam is the state soil of Oklahoma.
The Oklahoma Collared Lizard or Collared Lizard, "Crotaphytus collaris", is a North American lizard that can reach a foot  long in length , with a large head and powerful jaws.
The Black Swallowtail, "Papilio polyxenes", also called the American or parsnip swallowtail, is a butterfly found throughout much of North America.
"Oklahoma" is the title song from and the finale to the Broadway musical "Oklahoma!" It is also the state song of Oklahoma.
Queens of the Stone Age are a rock band from California, USA.
Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection  is a device on certain Nintendo games that let the player of the game play with people around the world.
The Feredeu River is a tributary of the Hăşdate River in Romania.
The Feredeu River is a tributary of the Aiud River in Romania.
The Fratellis are an indie rock band from Glasgow, Scotland.
"Minority" was the first single from Green Day's album, "Warning".
"Warning" is a single from Green Day's 2000 album "Warning".
"Nice Guys Finish Last" was a single released by the American punk band Green Day's fifth album "Nimrod".
"Hitchin' a Ride" was the first single that American punk band Green Day released from their album "Nimrod" in 1997.
Crosby, Stills & Nash are an American musical supergroup .
Sphenodontia is an order of lizard-like reptiles that includes only one living genus, the tuatara .
Marat Safin is a professional tennis player from Russia.
Lleyton Hewitt is a professional tennis player from Australia.
Redundant is a single by Green Day.
Brad Fitzpatrick is the creator of LiveJournal.
The Zillertal is the biggest valley branching off the Inntal in Tyrol, Austria drained by the river Ziller.
David IV, also known as David II or David III, or David the Builder  , from the House of Bagrationi, was King of Georgia from 1089 to 1125.
Pope Victor III , born Daufer, Latinized Dauferius or Dauphar, Pope , was the successor of Pope Gregory VII , .
Oklahoma is a state in the United States of America.
Regice is a legendary Pokémon from the video game series "Pokémon".
Polo is a sport.
A word processor is a computer program  or a special computer intended to edit texts with colors and different font sizes and styles, or texts which will be printed.
The Atari Jaguar was a console releaced by Atari in 1993.
The Atari Jaguar CD is a Video game console Peripheral releaced as an CD based add on for the Atari Jaguar in 1995.
Picasa is a software application for organizing and editing digital photos, it was first created by Idealab but is now owned by Google.
A failure  is where a certain objective or mission is not completed.
Telecommunication is the assisted transmission of signals over a distance for the purpose of communication.
Jim Keltner is an American musician .
Autopackage is a free computer program aimed at making it simple to create other programs that can be installed on all Linux distributions.
Marcella "Marcy" Levy  is an American musician and singer .
be • do • have • come • go • give • take • see • seem • send • keep • make • say • let • get • put .
A master recording is the first, or best-made, copy of a recording.
The National League East is a division in the MLB.
In Major League Baseball, the All-Star Game is the game between the best players from the American League  and the National League .
The Valea Mierezului River is a tributary of the Feredeu River in Romania.
The Valea Chichizii River is a tributary of the Feredeu River in Romania.
Cognate is a word derived from the same root as another word.
The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Aiud River in Romania.
A wireless router allows the user of computers and other electronic devices to connect to a computer network.
The Valea Lupului River is a tributary of the Aiud River in Romania.
The Valea Gropilor River is a tributary of the Aiud River in Romania.
Glyptodon was one of the biggest ancient armadillos.
"Stegodon" is a genus of the extinct subfamily Stegodontinae of the order Proboscidea.
Bakhshali is a village and Union Council of Mardan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Birch bark or birchbark is usually the bark of the Paper Birch tree or sometimes of similar trees such as Gray  Birch.
The Bakhshali Manuscript is a mathematical manuscript written on birch bark.
A bazaar, is an area that is always used for shopping.
Alo is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Graham William Nash  is a British-born American musician, singer and songwriter.
Babini is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Babozai is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Bala Garhi is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Chamtar is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Charguli is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Dagai is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Dheri is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Garhi Daulatzai is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Garhi Ismail Zai is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Garyala is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Gujar Garhi is a village and Union Council of Mardan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Hathian is a village and Union Council of Mardan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Lund Khwar, is a village and Union Council of Mardan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Muslim Abad is a village and Union Council of Mardan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Rustam is a village and Union Council of Mardan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Shamozai is a village and Union Council of Mardan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Saro Shah or Sari is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Takkar is a village and Union Council of Mardan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Toru is a village and Union Council of Mardan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
The University of Bologna is the oldest university of the Europe and of the Western world.
The University of Warsaw  is the greatest and having more prestige university of Poland.
An electronic cigarette  is a cigarette substitute, giving small amounts of the chemical nicotine without tobacco or other chemicals from real cigarettes.
The Great Pyramid of Giza is a huge pyramid built by the Ancient Egyptians.
".hack"  is a Japanese multimedia franchise.
9885 Linux is an asteroid discovered on October 12, 1994 by Spacewatch.
A Premier League is normally a league in sports at the top of the league system.
Surf rock is a kind of rock music.
Cigarettes and Valentines was going to be an album by Green Day.
"The Silmarillion" is a book written by J.
Pace is the rhythm or speed at which something happens.
The Shipping Forecast is an iconic part of BBC Radio 4.
"The Mail on Sunday" is a British newspaper.
PackageKit is a free group of software applications designed to provide a consistent and high-level front end for a number of different package management systems.
The Grindu River flows into the Mureş River in Romania.
The optimization of software is a branch of the Engineering of Software that tries to turn existing programs into other programs that realize the same tasks in less time, with less requests of memory, or in general using the resources of ideal form.
The Unirea River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Advanced packaging tool, or APT, is a user interface that works with core libraries to handle the sometimes difficult process of installing software on Linux.
The Stejeriş River is a tributary of the Unirea River in Romania.
APTonCD is a tool that can create one or more ISOs, CDs or DVDs with all of the packages the user downloaded via APT-GET or APTITUDE, creating a removable repository that the user can use on other computers.
The Măhăceni River is a tributary of the Unirea River in Romania.
Synaptic is a computer program which is a GTK+ graphical user interface front-end to the Advanced Packaging Tool for the Debian package management system.
StartUp-Manager is a program to configure GRUB, Splash and Splashy.
Manacor is a town and a municipality located on the island of Majorca.
The Ciugud River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Valea Cânepiştilor River is a tributary of the Ciugud River in Romania.
The Valea Agrişului River is a tributary of the Ciugud River in Romania.
Miguel Ángel Nadal was born on July 28, 1966 in Manacor, Majorca.
"Fetch! With Ruff Ruffman" is a reality children's television program that is shown on PBS.
The Pârâul Porcului is a tributary of the Ciugud River in Romania.
The Groapa Beclani River is a tributary of the Ciugud River in Romania.
Pârâul Şcolii is a tributary of the Aiud River in Romania.
The Pietriş River is a tributary of the Aiud River in Romania.
The African Wild Dog  is a carnivorous mammal of the Canidae family, which lives in Africa.
Luna Sea is a Japanese rock band, formed in Kanagawa in 1989.
The Hopârta River or Râtu River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Băgău River is a tributary of the Hopârta River in Romania.
The "Ninety-Five Theses on the Power of Indulgences", commonly known as "The Ninety-Five Theses", were written by Martin Luther in 1517 and are used a lot as the primary catalyst for the Protestant Reformation .
Roger Philip Bresnahan , nicknamed "The Duke of Tralee" for his Irish roots, was an American Major League Baseball player who played catcher and a player-manager.
The Gorgan River is a tributary of the Hopârta River in Romania.
Over My Head  is the debut single by rock band The Fray off the hit album How to Save a Life .
The Odverem River is a tributary of the Hopârta River in Romania.
"Look After You" is the 4th hit single by the rock band The Fray.
Isaac Slade is an American singer-songwritter of the rock band formed in 2002 called The Fray.
The Prisăcani River is a tributary of the Bistricioara River in Romania.
All at Once is known to be the 5th single off the album "How to Save a Life" by the rock band The Fray.
partition editor, partitioner, and partitioning utility are all names for computer programs used to view, create, change, and delete disk partitions on a computer storage device, most commonly a hard disk, but also a USB flash drive or other storage medium.
GParted is a program used for creating, deleting, resizing, moving, checking and copying partitions, and the file systems on them.
"Skull Ring" is a 2003 album by Iggy Pop.
Jesus of Suburbia was the fifth and final single to be released from Green Day's seventh studio album, "American Idiot".
The National Bowl is a entertainment venue in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, England.
"Kerrang!" is a weekly Rock magazine by Bauer Consumer Media in the United Kingdom.
"Bullet in a Bible" is a live CD, DVD and UMD release by Green Day, which was issued on November 15 2005.
In film and video, footage is the raw, unedited material as it had been originally recorded by video camera .
The People's Choice Awards is an awards show recognizing the people and the work of popular culture.
"The Pretender" is the first single from the Foo Fighters' 2007 album "Echoes, Silence, Patience & Grace".
"It's Been Awhile" is the lead single off the album "Break the Cycle" by the alternative metal band Staind.
"Scar Tissue" is the first single from the American alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers' .
The distancing effect  is a theatrical and cinematic device.
Hysteria is when someone has a very strong emotion that is unmanageable.
In music, a theme is the initial or primary melody.
"Our Band Could Be Your Life: Scenes from the American Indie Underground, 1981-1991" is a book by Michael Azerrad .
VH1  is an American cable television network based in New York City.
"Spin" is a music magazine that competes with the leading magazine "Rolling Stone".
"Behind the Music" is a television series on VH1 that ran from 1997 to 2006.
The ARC Weekly Top 40 is an American mainstream music chart.
Jane's Addiction is an alternative rock band from Los Angeles, California.
A performance, in performing arts, generally comprises an event in which one group of people  behave in a particular way for another group of people .
"Blitzkrieg Bop" is a song by punk rock band the Ramones.
"We're a Happy Family - A Tribute To Ramones" is a tribute album by various artists as a tribute to the Ramones.
Ronnie Blake  is a trumpeter from Fullerton, California.
Mike Pelino is a guitarist who currently serves as a touring member of Green Day.
Jason White  is a U.S.
Jason Jeremy Freese  provides piano/keyboard, guitar, tenor saxophone, accordion, trombone and backing vocals for Green Day.
Gabrial "Gabe" McNair  is a multi-instrumentalist and composer.
Petra Haden  is an American violinist and singer.
Stephen Bradley  plays the trumpet and keyboard in the band No Doubt.
Debian Package Maker is a program to compile programs from source code to create .deb packages.
Deb Creator is a program to compile programs from source code to create .deb packages.
Taro Aso  is the President of the ruling Liberal Democratic Party of Japan, and the first Catholic Prime Minister of Japan.
Kumamoto prefecture is an area of Kyushu, in western Japan.
Group velocity is often considered to be the wave velocity at which information travels.
Polarization describes the direction of the electric field of light.
One and Only  is a song by american musician Timbaland featuring alternative rock band Fall Out Boy.
The Şesul Băgăului River or Pusta Băgăului River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
"Dance, Dance" is the second single from Fall Out Boy's third studio album "From Under the Cork Tree".
The Haibadâc River is a tributary of the Şesul Băgăului River in Romania.
The Valea Poeţii River is a tributary of the Şesul Băgăului River in Romania.
The Valea Papii River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Valea la Şipot River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Hăpria River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Săcăduş River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
Boys Like Girls is the debut hit album released in 2006 by rock band Boys Like Girls.
The Bogdanul River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Fărău River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Silivaş River is a tributary of the Fărău River in Romania.
"This Love" is the second single from rock band Maroon 5's first album "Songs About Jane".
The Ciunga River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
Now That's What I Call Music (U.S.
The Begiu River is a tributary of the Valea Dosului River in Romania.
The Valea Dosului River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
Cedrus deodara  is a species of cedar trees that live in the western Himalayas and in eastern Afghanistan, northern Pakistan, north-central India , Kashmir, southwesternmost Tibet and western Nepal, and live in places at 1500-3200 m above sea level.
Hall's spacing models were based on Heini Hediger's 1955 psychological studies of zoo animals.
The Siminoc River is a tributary of the Teşna River in Romania.
The Tebeleuca River is a tributary of the Teşna River in Romania.
Brigadier-General Reginald Edward Harry Dyer CB  was a British Indian Army officer responsible for the Jallianwala Bagh massacre.
The "London Gazette" is one of the official records of the British government, and one of the most important in the UK.
Fabales is an order of flowering plants.
Google Chrome is an open source web browser developed by Google.
The Polish Academy of Sciences  with seat in Warsaw, is one of the two Polish institutions which have the nature of an academy of sciences.
The Chinese remainder theorem is a theorem from number theory.
Shorinji kenpo is the style of kenpo .
Progressive Fighting Systems is an organization and a system of combat thought up by Paul Vunak, who had been Dan Inosanto's student who had been Bruce Lee's main student.
In music, a riff is an ostinato; a repeated chord progression, pattern, or melody, often played by rhythmic instruments.
A Blue Screen of Death, sometimes called a BSOD, is a screen a computer shows when it has an error  and can't work.
Portland Bill is a peninsula off the south coast of England.
CERN is a research institute near Geneva, Switzerland.
The Negrişoara River is a tributary of the Dorna River, in Romania.
The Onager  is a large mammal belonging to the Equidae family.
The Pantropical Spotted Dolphin  is an oceanic dolphin.
Pilot whales are two species of oceanic dolphins, which form the genus "Globicephala".
The Pygmy Killer Whale  is a mammal of the oceanic dolphin family.
The Persian Jird  is a species of rodent in the Muridae family.
The didgeridoo is a musical instrument.
The Pârâul Pintii is a tributary of the Negrişoara River, in Romania.
Donald LaFontaine  was an American voice actor.
Bungie Studios is an American video game developer.
The Gligul River is a tributary of the Negrişoara River, in Romania.
The Piatra River is a tributary of the Negrişoara River, in Romania.
The Colăcelul River is a tributary of the Dorna River in Romania.
The Pârâul Roşu is a tributary of the Dorna River in Romania.
The Teşniţa River is a tributary of the Dorna River in Romania.
A flamethrower is a device used to shoot fire.
The Dornişoara River is a tributary of the Dorna River in Romania.
A holster is a type of clothing.
Confetti is a lot of small pieces of paper or other material that is thrown into the air at a celebration such as party or a wedding.
The Bârsaniul River is a tributary of the Dorna River in Romania.
The Măru River is a tributary of the Bistra Mărului River in Romania.
The Vâlsan River is a tributary of the Argeş River in Romania.
The Zănoguţa River is a tributary of the Vâlsan River in Romania.
The Dobroneagu River is a tributary of the Vâlsan River in Romania.
The Râul Cheii is a tributary of the Vâlsan River in Romania.
The Izvorul Dimei River is a tributary of the Vâlsan River in Romania.
The Izvorul Popii River is a tributary of the Vâlsan River in Romania.
The Robaia River is a tributary of the Vâlsan River in Romania.
The Topliţa River is a tributary of the Vâlsan River in Romania.
The Râul Boului is a tributary of the Topliţa River in Romania.
The Buneşti River is a tributary of the Vâlsan River in Romania.
The Gârcic River is a tributary of the Buneşti River in Romania.
"365"  is a compilation album based on the 2007-2008 singles released off of Disney Channel from"Disney" stars like Hannah Montana,the High School Musical Soundtracks, and the Jonas Brothers.
Poales is a taxonomic order of flowering plants in the monocotyledons.
Poaceae or Gramineae is a family in the class Liliopsida of the flowering plants.
Richard Morgan Fliehr  better known by his ring name, Ric Flair, is a retired American professional wrestler He wrestled for 36 years.
Michelle McCool  is an American professional wrestler.
IUPAC is am acronym for the International Union for Pure and Applied Chemistry.
The Medes were an ancient Iranian people who lived in the northwestern portions of present-day Iran.
Paul Vunak  is a martial artist, famous for creating the PFS .
Mombasa is the second largest city in Kenya.
In video games a headshot is when a player or an enemy gets hit in their head.
Gymnasium Alpenstrasse Biel is a high school located in Biel in Switzerland.
Mede is a comune  in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy.
Cells used for reproduction are usually monoploid.
The Rhesus Macaque , often called the Rhesus Monkey, is one of the best known species of Old World monkeys.
The Risso's Dolphin  is the only species of dolphin in the genus "Grampus".
Foreplay is the name for a number of things people do before they have sex.
"Army" is a 1996 Hindi movie.
The Râul Alb is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
Crackdown is a third-person shooter video game released by Microsoft for its Xbox 360 console in 2006.
BBC Radio 5 Live  is the BBC's radio station that gives live BBC News, phone-ins, and sports news.
The Văliug River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
Cattenom power plant is a nuclear power plant.
The Crivaia Mică River is a tributary of the Crivaia Mare River in Romania.
The Doman River or Budinic River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
The Bârzăviţa River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
The Rough-toothed Dolphin  is a fairly large oceanic dolphin.
The Spinner Dolphin  is a small oceanic dolphin.
The Striped Dolphin  is an oceanic dolphin.
The Groposu River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
The Moraviţa River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
The Valea Stânca River or Stoiconic River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
The Birdanca River or Birda River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
The Gorova River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
The Ciopa River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
The Vălişoara River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
The Fornădia River or Vălişoara River is a tributary of the Căian River in Romania.
"And did those feet in ancient time" is a short poem by William Blake.
The Vălişoara River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
Sir Charles Hubert Hastings Parry, 1st Baronet  was an English composer.
The Râul Şes is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
The Mlăcile River is a tributary of the Râul Şes in Romania.
The Şcheiu River is a tributary of the Râul Şes in Romania.
The Mătania River is a tributary of the Râul Şes in Romania.
The Baicu River is a tributary of the Râul Şes in Romania.
The Corciova River is a tributary of the Râul Şes in Romania.
The Gropiţa River is a tributary of the Zeicu River in Romania.
VistaPE is a is a project  for WinBuilder to create a Live CD based on the kernel of Windows Vista.
The Tomeasa River is a tributary of the Râul Şes in Romania.
The Merila River or Valea Găurii River or Mirele River is a tributary of the Râul Şes in Romania.
The Gugu River is a tributary of the Râul Şes in Romania.
The Izvorul Morarului River is a tributary of the Râul Şes in Romania.
The Pârâul Morii River is a tributary of the Râul Şes in Romania.
The Cârnea River is a tributary of the Pârâul Morii in Romania.
The Gropiţa River is a tributary of the Pârâul Morii in Romania.
The Tucila River is a tributary of the Râul Şes in Romania.
Eye of GNOME is the official image viewer for the GNOME desktop environment.
Ekiga  is a free and open source VoIP and video conferencing computer application for GNOME and Windows.
One Laptop Per Child is an organization founded at the MIT.
Malvaceae is a family of flowering plants.
Araceae are rhizomatous or tuberous herbs comprising about 110 genera and 1,800 species, usually with calcium oxalate crystals or raphides and commonly with milky sap.
"Everything That Happens Will Happen Today" is the second album made by David Byrne and Brian Eno, released on August 18, 2008.
The Open-air Frauenfeld is one of the biggest open-air festivals in Switzerland.
Omega SA is Swiss watch manufacturer that belongs to the Swatch Group of companies.
Bierhübeli is the name of a concert hall in the center of Berne, Switzerland.
Hakan Yakin  is a Swiss football player of Turkish origin.
Lyss is a municipality in the district of Aarberg in the Canton of Berne in Switzerland.
Globi is one of the most famous cartoon figures in the Swiss-German part of Switzerland.
In Christianity, it is believed that Jesus Christ will return for a second time, often called the Rapture.
A beret is a soft, round type of hat.
Premature birth is when a baby is born before the regular end of the pregnancy.
An autoclave is a device that uses pressure to heat aqueous solutions above their boiling point.
Martin Hugh Michael O'Neill, OBE is an Northern Irish football manager.
James Duffy  is a former Scottish football player and manager.
The nicotine in cigarettes and other tobacco products makes people dependent.
The University of California, Berkeley  is a major university in Berkeley, California, United States.
Metadata  is data about data, that is information about other information.
Failure rate is the frequency with which an engineered system or component fails.
Copy-on-write is a means of optimisation in Computer Science.
Write Anywhere File Layout  is a file system.
The Tibetan Bear or Tibetan Blue Bear  is a subspecies of the Brown Bear .
The Tibetan red deer , also known as shou, is a subspecies of Central Asian Red Deer that is native to the Tibetan highlands of Central Asia.
The wild goat  is a mammal of the Caprinae subfamily.
The Asiatic Wildcat , also known as the Asian Steppe Wildcat or Indian Desert Cat, is a subspecies of the Wildcat.
The Woolly Flying Squirrel  is a sqirrel.
The yak is a long-haired bovine, or cow like animal, found throughout the Himalayan region of south Central Asia, including Pakistan's Kashmir region, Tibet and as far north as Mongolia.
STV is a television channel in Scotland.
Scotsport is a television programme on STV in Scotland.
BBC Scotland is a part of the BBC in Scotland.
BBC Radio Scotland is BBC Scotland's national English language radio network.
The Daily Record is a Scottish newspaper printed in Glasgow.
The Daily Mirror is a British newspaper.
Boiga is a large genus of mildly venomous, rear-fanged, colubrid snakes typically known as the cat-eyed snakes or just cat snakes.
Bungarus is a genus of venomous elapid snakes found in India and South-East Asia.
The Common Krait  is a type of krait that is found in the jungles of the Indian sub-continent.
Daboia is a monotypic genus created for a venomous viper species, D.
Black Pond turtle or Spotted Pond turtle Geoclemys hamiltonii is a species of turtle found in South Asia.
Modern database systems are governed by things about transactions called the ACID principle.
Reed-Solomon error correction is an error-correcting code.
GNU Parted is a free computer program for creating, destroying, resizing, checking, and copying partitions, and the file systems on them.
The Râul Mare is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania.
The Murariu River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
The Zlata River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
The Netiş River or Pârâul Pietrei is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
The Tarniţa River is a tributary of the Netiş River in Romania.
The Strâmba River is a tributary of the Netiş River in Romania.
The Bodu River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
"Continuum" is the 3rd studio album by rock musician John Mayer.
The Chir Pine  named after William Roxburgh, is a pine native to the Himalaya.
Ulmus villosa Brandis ex Gamble, the Cherry-bark Elm, is one of the more distinctive Asiatic elms, and a species capable of remarkable longevity.
The Bonciu River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
Sleeping Beauty is a classic fairy tale.
The Şipotu River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
The Pădeşel River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
The Valea Jurii River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
Transformers are make-believe robots  that are made by a toy company named Hasbro.
The Hoatzin  is a bird are considered a relic from the age of the dinosaurs.
The Curpen River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
The Galbena River or Râul Galben or Valea Galbenă River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
The Lacuri River is a headwater of the Galbena River in Romania.
The Răchitova River is a tributary of the Galbena River in Romania.
The Poieni River is a headwater of the Galbena River in Romania.
The Breazova River or Pârâul Cracului is a tributary of the Galbena River in Romania.
The Pârâul de Câmp is a tributary of the Galbena River in Romania.
The Dunăreana River is a tributary of the Galbena River in Romania.
Tasman Peninsula is located 75 km by road south-east of Hobart, at the south east corner of Tasmania, Australia.
A non-player character is a character played by a computer.
"Breaking Dawn" is the fourth and last novel in the "Twilight" series by Stephenie Meyer.
Shayne Ward is an English singer.
The X Factor is a British television programme, in which ordinary people who want to be singers compete for a recording contract and a cash prize.
Cheryl Cole is an English singer and a member of the pop group Girls Aloud.
Danni Minogue is an Australian pop singer, actress, presenter and model.
In music, a side project is a musical project by one or more people who are already famous for their work in another band.
Martin Cash , is a famous Australian bushranger.
Saga prefecture is an area of Kyushu in western Japan.
What Is This? was a rock band from Los Angeles, California.
The Shanghai World Financial Center is a high skyscraper in Shanghai, China.
The Black Mamba is an elapid type of snake.
The cucumber  is a widely grown plant in the family Cucurbitaceae.
Anne Wood CBE is a British children's television producer.
This is a list of Teletubbies episodes.
Tim Whitnall born June 27, 1961, on Canvey Island, Essex, is an Enlish actor,musician, and writer who played Angelo in the long-running hit CITV series "Mike and Angelo".
The Ciumiţa River is a tributary of the Lacuri River in Romania.
The Valea Fierului River is a tributary of the Lacuri River in Romania.
The Valea Negrii River is a tributary of the Lacuri River in Romania.
The Boiţa River is a tributary of the Răchitova River in Romania.
The Padiş River or Valea Padişului River is a tributary of the Răchitova River in Romania.
The Valea Celţii River is a tributary of the Padiş in Romania.
The Vălioara River is a tributary of the Răchitova River in Romania.
The Valea Floruşului River is a tributary of the Poieni River in Romania.
The Criva River is a tributary of the Poieni River in Romania.
The Valea Răchiţelii River is a tributary of the Breazova River in Romania.
"The College Dropout" is the debut album by rapper and producer Kanye West, released February 10, 2004.
The Zeicani River is a tributary of the Breazova River in Romania.
The Zlatina River is a tributary of the Breazova River in Romania.
The Râuşor or Hobiţa River is a tributary of the Breazova River in Romania.
The Peşteana River is a tributary of the Breazova River in Romania.
The Odorojniţa River is a tributary of the Breazova River in Romania.
The Ciorani River is a tributary of the Odorojniţa River in Romania.
The Valea Borii River is a tributary of the Valea Răchiţelii River in Romania.
The Boianu River is a tributary of the Valea Răchiţelii River in Romania.
The Clopotiva River is a tributary of the Ciorani River in Romania.
The Valea cu Apă River is a tributary of the Ciorani River in Romania.
The Lăpuşnicul Mare River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
The Lăpuşnicul Mic River or Bran River is a tributary of the Lăpuşnicul Mare River in Romania.
The Peleaga River is a tributary of the Lăpuşnicul Mare River in Romania.
Seventy-three is a number.
The Peleguţa River is a tributary of the Peleaga River in Romania.
The Fowler Ridge Wind Farm is now under construction in Benton County, Indiana, about 90 miles northwest of Indianapolis.
Approval has been given for the 303 turbine Shepherds Flat Wind Farm near Arlington, Oregon.
T.
Cluster headache is a nerve disease.
Ultimate  is a non-contact team sport played with a 175 gram flying disc.
Sweetwater Wind Farm is the second largest wind farm in Texas.
New Line Cinema, founded in 1967, is one of the major American film studios.
The following is a list of films produced, co-produced, and/or distributed by New Line Cinema .
In 1953, there was an Iranian coup d'état to remove the Prime Minister of Iran, Mohammad Mossadeq, from power.
Van Diemen's Land was the name used by Europeans for the island of Tasmania.
The July Ultimatum was a Demarche issued by Austria-Hungary to Serbia at 6 pm on July 23 1914.
The tallest structure in Australia is the Omega Navigational Mast Woodside in Woodside, Victoria.
When you measure buildings in Australia to the top of their spires, Q1 Tower in Gold Coast, Queensland is the tallest.
Glenrowan is a small town located in the north east of Victoria, Australia.
This is a list of the tallest buildings in Perth, Western Australia taller than 100 metres.
Tallest completed buildings.
This is a list of the tallest buildings in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
Dromore is a small town in Northern Ireland.
This is a list of the tallest skyscrapers and other tall buildings  in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
Q1  is a skyscraper located on the Gold Coast.
See also.
The Baseball Hall of Fame is a museum in Cooperstown, New York that shows the history of baseball and some of the most famous baseball players and other people, especially in North America.
Cooperstown is a village in Otsego County, New York, USA.
Cooperstown is a village in Otsego County, New York, United States.
George Clinton  is an American musician.
Frederick Jay "Rick" Rubin  is an American record producer.
John Alieu Carew is a professional football player from the Norway.
Dromore West  is a village in County Sligo, Ireland.
Dromore  is a village in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland.
Ernest Orlando Lawrence was an American physicist.
Melodic death metal is a form of death metal music, which is itself a style of heavy metal.
The Bucura River is a tributary of the Lăpuşnicul Mare River in Romania.
The Slăvei River is a tributary of the Lăpuşnicul Mare River in Romania.
The Scocul Drăcşanului River or Drăcşanu River is a tributary of the Lăpuşnicul Mare River in Romania.
The Scocul Albele River is a tributary of the Lăpuşnicul Mare River in Romania.
The Scocul Stănuleţilor River is a tributary of the Scocul Albele River in Romania.
Rihanna  is an R&B and Pop singer.
Adam Noah Levine  is the lead singer of American pop-rock band Maroon 5.
The Berhina River is a tributary of the Lăpuşnicul Mare River in Romania.
The Paltina River is a tributary of the Lăpuşnicul Mare River in Romania.
The Pârâul Cascadelor is a tributary of the Lăpuşnicul Mare River in Romania.
The Izvoru River is a tributary of the Galbena de Nord River in Romania.
The Galbena de Nord River is a tributary of the Berhina River in Romania.
The Galbena de Sud River is a tributary of the Berhina River in Romania.
Tjako van Schie  is a pianist and composer from the Netherlands.
The Zlata River is a tributary of the Lăpuşnicul Mare River in Romania.
The Zănoaga River is a tributary of the Judele River in Romania.
The Zănoguţa River is a tributary of the Judele River in Romania.
The Judele River is a tributary of the Lăpuşnicul Mare River in Romania.
The Turcel River is a tributary of the Lăpuşnicul Mare River in Romania.
The Vâlcelul Sugarilor River is a tributary of the Lăpuşnicul Mare River in Romania.
The Vâlcelul Secării River is a tributary of the Lăpuşnicul Mare River in Romania.
The Văgăuna Neagră River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
The Radeşul Mare River is a tributary of the Cârligu River in Romania.
The Cioaca Radeşului River is a tributary of the Cârligu River in Romania.
The Cârligu River is a tributary of the Zlata River in Romania.
The Radeşul Mic River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
"Slipknot" is the first album by Nu metal band Slipknot.
"Iowa" is the second studio album by Nu metal band Slipknot.
Gwynt y Môr is a proposed 750 MW offshore wind farm located off the coast of North Wales.
The Clyde Wind Farm is a proposed 548 megawatt  wind farm in South Lanarkshire, Scotland.
All Hope Is Gone is the 4th studio album by metal band Slipknot.
The Tomis Team Dobrogea Wind Farm is a wind farm under construction in the Dobrogea region of Romania.
The Scoaba Retezatului River is a tributary of the Dobrunu River in Romania.
The Rovine River is a tributary of the Dobrunu River in Romania.
The Bârlea River is a tributary of the Dobrunu River in Romania.
Markbygden Wind Farm will be a series of interconnected wind farms in the Markbygden area of northern Sweden, covering some 450 square kilometres.
The Gemenele River is a tributary of the Dobrunu River in Romania.
The Dobrunu River is a tributary of the Zlata River in Romania.
The Lănciţa River or Lănciţa de la Stână River is a tributary of the Zlata River in Romania.
The Prundu Lănciţei River is a tributary of the Lănciţa River in Romania.
The Giful River is a tributary of the Prundu Lănciţei River in Romania.
Sirius Black is a fictional character in J.
A music festival is a festival where music is played.
Last.fm is a music website from the UK.
These are lists of the tallest buildings in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.
Worcestershire sauce  is a widely used fermented sauce.
The Indian massacre of 1622  was an event where around 347 people were killed in the Virginia Colony of North America on Good Friday, March 22, 1622.
In Unix computing, Fluxbox is an X window manager based on Blackbox 0.61.1.
The Runcu River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
The Râul Căldărilor is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
The Valea Căcurelelor River is a tributary of the Râul Căldărilor in Romania.
The Vraniţa River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
The Bstanu River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
Damn Small Linux or DSL is a free operating system for the x86 family of personal computers.
The Valea Bozii River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
Swamp blues is a type of blues music.
Odes  is a book of the Bible that is only found in Eastern Orthodox Bibles.
The 1975–76 NHL season was the 59th season of the National Hockey League.
The Râuşor is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
The Strugariu River is a tributary of the Râuşor in Romania.
The Ştevia River is a tributary of the Râuşor in Romania.
The Vălereasca River is a tributary of the Râuşor in Romania.
Ahuillé is a commune of 1662 people .
Alexain is a commune of 402 people .
Ambrières-les-Vallées is a commune of 2,903 people .
Ampoigné is a commune of 421 people .
Andouillé is a commune of 2,310 people .
Argenton-Notre-Dame is a commune of 181 people .
Argentré is a commune of 2487 people .
Aron is a commune of 1550 people .
Arquenay is a commune of 508 people .
Assé-le-Bérenger is a commune of 329 people .
Astillé is a commune of 547 people .
Athée is a commune of 488 people .
Averton is a commune of 601 people .
Azé is a commune of 2,999 people .It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.
La Baconnière is a commune of 1,194 people .
Bais is a commune of 1487 people .
Ballée is a commune of 719 people .
Ballots is a commune of 1036 people .
Bannes is a commune of 118 people .
La Bazoge-Montpinçon is a commune of 525 people .
La Bazouge-de-Chemeré is a commune of 443 people .
La Bazouge-des-Alleux is a commune of 262 people .
Bazougers is a commune of 933 people .
Beaulieu-sur-Oudon is a commune of 401 people .
Beaumont-Pied-de-Bœuf is a commune of 198 people .
Belgeard is a commune of 335 people .
Bierné is a commune of 665 people .
The Cerna River is a tributary of the Râuşor in Romania.
Le Bignon-du-Maine is a commune of 304 people .
La Bigottière is a commune of 331 people .
The Comănescu River is a tributary of the Râuşor in Romania.
Blandouet is a commune of 157 people .
The Valea Furciturilor River is a tributary of the Râuşor in Romania.
La Boissière is a commune of 111 people .
The Valea Surpeţii River is a tributary of the Râuşor in Romania.
Bonchamp-lès-Laval is a commune of 5232 people .
The Nedeiţa River is a tributary of the Râuşor in Romania.
Bouchamps-lès-Craon is a commune of 514 people .
Bouère is a commune of 321 people .
The Izvorul cu Apă River is a tributary of the Râuşor in Romania.
Bouessay is a commune of 563 people .
The Strugariu River is a tributary of the Râuşor in Romania.
Boulay-les-Ifs is a commune of 168 people .
The Negrele River is a tributary of the Râuşor in Romania.
Le Bourgneuf-la-Forêt is a commune of 1537 people .
Bourgon is a commune of 587 people .
The Frăsina River is a tributary of the Râuşor in Romania.
Brains-sur-les-Marches is a commune of 229 people .
The Pârâul Sec River is a tributary of the Râuşor in Romania.
Brecé is a commune of 830 people .
The Putina River is a tributary of the Râuşor in Romania.
Tinker Bell is a Disney movie based on the character from Peter Pan.
The Sibişel River or Nucşoru River or Nucşoara River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
The Valea Dâljii River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
The Varu River is a tributary of the Sibişel River in Romania.
Woolfardisworthy is a village in the Torridge district in the English county of Devon.
The Stânişoara River is a tributary of the Sibişel in Romania.
The Pârâul lui Adam River is a tributary of the Sibişel in Romania.
The Pietrele River is a tributary of the Sibişel in Romania.
The Fântânele River is a tributary of the Sibişel in Romania.
The Apa Crângului River is a tributary of the Sibişel in Romania.
The Galeşu River is a tributary of the Sibişel River in Romania.
The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Galeşu River in Romania.
The Obârşia Nucşorii River or Cheagu River is a tributary of the Sibişel in Romania.
The Nedeuţa River is a tributary of the Obârşia Nucşorii River in Romania.
The Benguţ River is a tributary of the Obârşia Nucşorii River in Romania.
The Clanţu River is a tributary of the Sibişel in Romania.
The Seciu River is a tributary of the Sibişel in Romania.
The Guadalcanal Campaign, also known as the Battle of Guadalcanal, was fought between August 7, 1942, and February 9, 1943, in the Pacific theatre of World War II.
Archbishop Desmond Tutu  won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1984 for his work fighting apartheid in South Africa.
Happy Tree Friends is a TV show created by Rhode Montijo, Kenn Navarro, Warren Graff, and Aubrey Ankrum.
Brée is a commune of 459 people .
La Brûlatte is a commune of 607 people .
Le Buret is a commune of 255 people .It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.
Carelles is a commune of 324 people .
Chailland is a commune of 1136 people .
Châlons-du-Maine is a commune of 572 people .
Chammes is a commune of 328 people .
Champéon is a commune of 512 people .
Champfrémont is a commune of 248 people .
Champgenéteux is a commune of 554 people .
Changé is a commune of 5261 people .
Chantrigné is a commune of 588 people .
La Chapelle-Anthenaise is a commune of 865 people .
In engineering, latency is the name for the time period that needs to be waited to see a result.
La Chapelle-au-Riboul is a commune of 448 people .
In abstract algebra, a finite field or Galois field is a field that contains only finitely many elements.
An appliance is a machine that only has limited functionaliy.
La Mayenne is a department the northwest of France.
In telecommunications Forward error correction  is a special code.
"For other uses, see" Mayenne  La Mayenne is a river in the northwest of France.
Error detection and correction is the name for a number of technologies that are used to make sure that information or data is not corrupted, that it still makes sense.
"For other uses, see" Mayenne  .
The Văleni River is a tributary of the Niraj River in Romania.
The Ţigla River is a tributary of the Nirajul Mare River in Romania.
The Călugăreni River is a tributary of the Niraj River in Romania.
"I want a book that I can read".
The Ark-La-Tex, Arklatex, or ArkLaTex is a U.S.
Central Oklahoma is the geographical name for the central region of the U.S.
The Cherokee Outlet, more often referred to as the Cherokee Strip, was located in what is now the state of Oklahoma, in the United States.
The Cross Timbers is a semi-savanna on the southern Great Plains running from southeastern Kansas, across central Oklahoma, into central Texas.
The "Four State Area" is a term used to describe the four corner region of Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma with the Joplin, Missouri and Fayetteville-Springdale-Rogers, Arkansas metropolitan areas included within.
The Flint Hills, historically known as Bluestem Pastures, are a band of hills in eastern Kansas stretching into north-central Oklahoma.
Located in northeast Oklahoma, Green Country is a heavily-wooded area of the state with many rolling hills and mountains and much foliage, as opposed to western and central Oklahoma, which have geography similar to the rest of the Great Plains region of the United States.
Southeastern Oklahoma, also known by its official tourism designation, Kiamichi Country, encompasses the southeastern quarter of the state of Oklahoma.
Northwestern Oklahoma is the geographical region of the state of Oklahoma which includes the Oklahoma Panhandle, stretching to an eastern extent along Interstate 35, and its southern extent along the Canadian River to Noble County.
The Ozarks  are a physiographic, geologic, and cultural highland region of the central United States.
The Oklahoma Panhandle is the extreme western region of the state of Oklahoma, comprising Cimarron County, Texas County, and Beaver County.
South Central Oklahoma, or Arbuckle Country, as officially defined by the Oklahoma Department of Tourism, is an 10-county region in the state of Oklahoma.
Southwest Oklahoma is a geographical name for the southwest portion of the state of Oklahoma, largely flat and dry, southwest Oklahoma is typical of the Great Plains region of the United States.
"Oklahoma!" is a musical play first performed on Broadway in 1943.
Stillwater is a city in Payne County, Oklahoma, United States.
Enid is a city in Garfield County, Oklahoma, United States.
Carlos Valderrama is a former Colombian football player.
List of cities in Oklahoma, arranged in alphabetical order.
Dino Zoff is a former Italian football player.
This is a list of the governors of Oklahoma.
The following are people who were either born/raised or have lived for a significant period of time in Oklahoma.
Arrow heads are sharpened or flintknapped stones, flakes, and chips of rock that are sharpened enough for the tip of an arrow.
The Clovis culture was the first widely spread Indian culture in the Americas.
Mound Builder is a general term referring to the American Indians who constructed various styles of earthen mounds for burial, residential and ceremonial purposes.
Francisco Vázquez de Coronado y Luján (ca.
Quivira and Cíbola are two of the fantastic Seven Cities of Gold existing only in a myth that originated around the year 1150 when the Moors conquered Mérida, Spain.
Fort Gibson is a town in Cherokee and Muskogee counties in the U.S.
The government of the US State of Oklahoma, established by the Oklahoma Constitution, is a republican democracy modelled after the Federal government of the United States.
This is a list of the seventy-seven counties in the U.S.
This is a list of regions of the United States.
Oklahoma is a state in America.
Adair County is a county located in the U.S.
Alfalfa County is a county located in the U.S.
Atoka County is a county located in the U.S.
Beaver County is a county located in the U.S.
Beckham County is a county located in the U.S.
Blaine County is a county located in the U.S.
Bryan County is a county located in the U.S.
Caddo County is a county located in the U.S.
Canadian County is a county located in the U.S.
Carter County is a county located in the U.S.
Choctaw County is a county located in the U.S.
Cleveland County is a county in the central part of the U.S.
Coal County is a county located in the U.S.
Comanche County is a county located in the U.S.
The Football League is a football league in England and Wales.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1956/1957.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1957/1958.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1958/1959.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1959/1960.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1960/1961.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1961/1962.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1962/1963.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1963/1964.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1964/1965.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1965/1966.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1966/1967.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1967/1968.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1968/1969.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1969/1970.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1970/1971.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1971/1972.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1972/1973.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1973/1974.
Alexandra is a work by the Greek poet Lykrohon, who is only known through this work.
Football League Second Division was the old name for the Football League One.
The famous Burmese Boxing is called lethwei or "Myanma yuya louvi" .
The word kickboxing represents a sport of combat of striking which is practised on ring.
Franco Baresi  is a former Italian football player.
Archerfish  are small fish.
John Piesley  was an Australian bushranger.
La Chapelle-Craonnaise is a commune of 266 people .
La Chapelle-Rainsouin is a commune of 234 people .
Charchigné is a commune of 396 people .
Karl Lagerfeld  is a fashion designer.
Château-Gontier is a commune of 11 131 people .
Châtelain is a commune of 404 people .
Forbes is a town in the Central West of New South Wales, Australia.
Châtillon-sur-Colmont is a commune of 942 people .
Châtres-la-Forêt is a commune of 641 people .
Chemazé is a commune of 1019 people .
Chémeré-le-Roi is a commune of 383 people .
Chérancé is a commune of 166 people .
Chevaigné-du-Maine is a commune of 206 people .
Colombiers-du-Plessis is a commune of 514 people .
Commer is a commune of 1091 people .
Congrier is a commune of 1036 people .
Contest is a commune of 765 people .
Cosmes is a commune of 273 people .
Cossé-en-Champagne is a commune of 300 people .
Cossé-le-Vivien is a commune of 2706 people .
Coudray is a commune of 839 people .
Couesmes-Vaucé is a commune of 383 people .
Couptrain is a commune of 160 people .
Courbeveille is a commune of 488 people .
Courcité is a commune of 992 people .
Craon is a commune of 4659 people .
Crennes-sur-Fraubée is a commune of 178 people .
La Croixille is a commune of 547 people .
’’’La Cropte’’’ is a commune of 239 people .
’’’Cuillé’’’ is a commune of 849 people .
Daon is a commune of 440 people .
Denazé is a commune of 148 people .
Désertines is a commune of 539 people .
Deux-Évailles is a commune of 152 people .
La Dorée is a commune of 396 people .
Entrammes is a commune of 2 108 people .
Épineux-le-Seguin is a commune of 172 people .
Ernée is a commune of 5 793 people .
Évron is a commune of 7 575 people .
Fontaine-Couverte is a commune of 388 people .
Forcé is a commune of 1017 people .
Fougerolles-du-Plessis is a commune of 1566 people .
Fromentières is a commune of 674 people .
Gastines is a commune of 162 people .
Le Genest-Saint-Isle is a commune of 1907 people .
Gennes-sur-Glaize is a commune of 790 people .
Gesnes is a commune of 174 people .
Gesvres is a commune of 543 people .
Gorron is a commune of 2894 people .
Louis Pierre Althusser   was a Marxist philosopher.
Gareth Owen is a football player.
Gheorghe Hagi is a former football player.
Gordon Banks is a former football player.
Carlos Sastre Candil  is a Spanish cyclist.
"Last of the Summer Wine" is a British sitcom that has run longer than any other comedy show in the world.
The Free Software Foundation  is a non-profit corporation founded by Richard Stallman on 4 October 1985 to support the free software movement, a copyleft-based movement which tries to promote the universal freedom to distribute and modify computer software without restriction.
The Bedeni River is a tributary of the Pârâul Mare in Romania.
The Pârâul Mare is a tributary of the Niraj River in Romania.
The ITS 90 is the international temperature scale, published in the year 1990.
The Hodoş River or Hodoşa River is a tributary of the Niraj River in Romania.
The Vadu River is a tributary of the Hodoş River in Romania.
Nude photography is a style of art photography which wants to show the naked human body as a form of art.
Laval is a commune and the prefecture of the French department of Mayenne.
The Moşuni River is a tributary of the Valea River in Romania.
The Valea River is a tributary of the Niraj River in Romania.
The Vurpăr River is a tributary of the Hârtibaciu River in Romania.
Erotic photography is a style of photography, between nude photography and pornography.
The Vulturul River is a tributary of the Tisa River in Romania.
The Vulpoiul River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in eastern Romania.
The Veţa River is a tributary of the Tâmpa River in Romania.
The Pârâul Rece is a tributary of the Tâmpa in Romania.
The Tâmpa River is a tributary of the Niraj River in Romania.
The Maiad River is a tributary of the Niraj River in Romania.
Muskox  are large, long-haired, horned mammals that are well-adapted to their cold, Arctic environment.
The Vulpea River is a tributary of the Vărbilău River in Romania.
The Vulpăşeşti River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
The Vulcez River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Valea cu Nuci River is a tributary of the Terebici River in Romania.
The Terebici River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Şeulia River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
Cotton County is a county located in the U.S.
The Sărata River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
Craig County is a county located in the U.S.
Creek County is a county located in the U.S.
EasyBCD is a free program developed by the non-profit NeoSmart Technologies used to configure and tweak the new Windows Vista Bootloader.
Custer County is a county located in the U.S.
Delaware County is a county located in the U.S.
Loire-Atlantique is a department in France in the region Pays de la Loire.
Intereference is something that happens when two or more waves are in the same space.
The Aţântiş River or Aţintiş River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Ozd River is a tributary of the Aţântiş River in Romania.
A meadow is a field vegetated primarily by grass and other non-woody plants.
Dewey County is a A county located in the U.S.
Ellis County is a county located in the U.S.
The Cerghid River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
Garfield County is a county located in the U.S.
Garvin County is a county located in the U.S.
Grady County is a county located in the U.S.
The Cotuş River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Pocloş River  is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Iara River is a tributary of the Petrilaca River in Romania.
The Petrilaca River or Teleac River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Battle of Honey Springs was an American Civil War battle.
The Bureu of Indian Affairs was formed in 1824 to deal with Native Americans inside the United States.
"As Cruel As School Children" is the 3rd studio album by rap group "Gym Class Heroes" released in July of 2006.
A cattle drive is the process of moving a herd of cattle from one place to another, usually moved and herded by cowboys on horses.
The Oklahoma Senate is the upper house of the two houses of the Legislature of Oklahoma, the lower house being the Oklahoma House of Representatives.
The Oklahoma House of Representatives is the lower house and larger body of the two houses of the Oklahoma Legislature, the other being the Oklahoma Senate.
Grant County is a county located in the U.S.
Greer County is a county located in the U.S.
Harmon County is a county located in the U.S.
Harper County is a county located in the U.S.
Haskell County is a county located in the U.S.
Hughes County is a county located in the U.S.
Jackson County is a county located in the U.S.
Jefferson County is a county located in the U.S.
Johnston County is a county located in the U.S.
Kay County is a county located in the U.S.
Kingfisher County is a county located in the U.S.
The Nadăşa River is a tributary of the Beica River in Romania.
Kiowa County is a county located in the U.S.
The Urisiu River is a tributary of the Beica River in Romania.
Latimer County is a county located in the U.S.
The Beica River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
Le Flore County is a county located in the U.S.
Lincoln County is a county located in the U.S.
Logan County is a county located in the U.S.
The Vulcăniţa River is a tributary of the Vulcana River in Romania.
Love County is a county located in the U.S.
The Vulcăniţa River is a tributary of the Homorod River in Romania.
Major County is a county located in the U.S.
Flobots are an alternative rock/alternative hip hop band from Denver, Colorado.
Gdebi is a computer program that can install .deb packages.
Marshall County is a county located in the U.S.
McClain County is a county located in the U.S.
McCurtain County is a county located in the U.S.
McIntosh County is a county located in the U.S.
Murray County is a county located in the U.S.
Noble County is a county located in the U.S.
Nowata County is a county located in the U.S.
Okfuskee County is a county located in the U.S.
Oklahoma County is a county located in the central part of the U.S.
Okmulgee County is a county located in the U.S.
Osage County is the largest county in the U.S.
Ottawa County is a county located in the U.S.
Pawnee County is a county located in the U.S.
Payne County is a county in the U.S.
Pittsburg County is a county located in the U.S.
Pontotoc County is a county located in the U.S.
Pottawatomie County is a county located in the U.S.
Pushmataha County is a county located in the U.S.
Roger Mills County is a county located in the U.S.
Seminole County is a county located in the U.S.
Sequoyah County is a county located in the U.S.
Stephens County is a county located in the U.S.
Texas County is a county located in the U.S.
Tillman County is a county located in the U.S.
Washington County is a county located in the U.S.
Washita County is a county located in the U.S.
Statistics of English Premier League in season 1992/1993.
Woods County is a county located in the U.S.
Woodward County is a county located in the U.S.
Statistics of English Premier League in season 1993/1994.
Statistics of English Premier League in season 1994/1995.
Statistics of English Premier League in season 1995/1996.
Statistics of English Premier League in season 1996/1997.
Statistics of English Premier League in season 1997/1998.
Statistics of English Premier League in season 1998/1999.
Statistics of English Premier League in season 1999/2000.
Statistics of English Premier League in season 2000/2001.
Statistics of English Premier League in season 2001/2002.
Statistics of English Premier League in season 2002/2003.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1994/1995.
Football League Third Division was the old name for the Football League Two.
Johnny Haynes is a former football player.
Johan Cruijff  is a former Dutch football player.
"Om Shanti Om" is a 2007 Bollywood movie directed and choreographed by Farah Khan.
Javier Saviola  is an Argentine football player.
A chemo-autotroph is an organism that puts together its own organic compounds from simple inorganic compounds using ATP.
"Wayne's World" is a 1992 comedy movie from Paramount Pictures, starring Mike Myers and Dana Carvey.
Kenny Dalglish is a former football player.
Luis Oliveira is a football player.
The Lachlan River is an important river in central New South Wales, Australia.
Roberto Baggio  is a former Italian football player.
Walter Winterbottom is a former football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 2001/2002.
Statistics of The Football League in season 2002/2003.
Statistics of The Football League in season 2003/2004.
Statistics of The Football League in season 2004/2005.
Statistics of The Football League in season 2005/2006.
Statistics of The Football League in season 2006/2007.
Statistics of The Football League in season 2007/2008.
Statistics of The Football League in season 2008/2009.
Boxing Day is a public holiday in the United Kingdom, Canada, New Zealand and Australia.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1974/1975.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1975/1976.
Dennis Bergkamp  is a former Dutch football player.
Fabien Barthez is a former football player.
Civil Disobedience  is a text by Henry David Thoreau.
Osvaldo Ardiles  is a former Argentine football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1978/1979.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1979/1980.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1980/1981.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1981/1982.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1982/1983.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1983/1984.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1984/1985.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1985/1986.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1989/1990.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1990/1991.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1991/1992.
Lambing Flat was the name of a gold field in New South Wales, Australia.
The lentil or daal or pulse  is a bushy annual plant of the legume family.
Outdoors is a word that means that something is not in a building.
La Gravelle is a commune of 548 people .
Grazay is a commune of 494 people .
Grez-en-Bouère is a commune of 981 people .
The Philadelphia Soul is a American football team in the Arena Football League.
La Haie-Traversaine is a commune of 420 people .
Le Ham is a commune of 422 people .
Hambers is a commune of 548 people .
Hardanges is a commune of 245 people .
Hercé is a commune of 335 people .
The Lehigh Valley Ironpigs is a minor league baseball affiliate of the Philadelphia Phillies.
Le Horps is a commune of 734 people .
Gerard Dujarrier is the mayor in a French commune in the Pays de la Loire Region and Mayenne department called Le Horps.
Houssay is a commune of 363 people .
The Counter Terrorist Unit is a fictional counter terrorism unit on the TV show 24 .
Le Housseau-Brétignolles is a commune of 212 people .
L'Huisserie is a commune of 4 499 people .
Izé is a commune of 477 people .
Javron-les-Chapelles is a commune of 1512 people .
Jack Bauer is the main character in the television series "24".
Juvigné is a commune of 1 340 people .
Laigné is a commune of 674 people .
Christine Schürrer,  is a German criminal.
Anders Eklund, 42, is a Swedish serial killer and rapist who was found guilty of two murders of women in 2000 and the Engla murder in 2008.
Kampen is a municipality and a city in the eastern Netherlands.
Landivy is a commune of 1 286 people .
Larchamp is a commune of 1017 people .
Spiro Mounds is an archaeological site run by the Oklahoma Historical Society and open to the public.
Lassay-les-Châteaux is a commune of 2532 people .
Laubrières is a commune of 248 people .
Launay-Villiers is a commune of 350 people .
Lesbois is a commune of 203 people .
Levaré is a commune of 358 people .
Lignières-Orgères is a commune of 735 people .
Livet is a commune of 111 people .
Livré is a commune of 787 people .
Loigné-sur-Mayenne is a commune of 704 people .
Loiron is a commune of 1273 people .
Longuefuye is a commune of 274 people .
The Văleni River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Vulcăniţa River is a tributary of the Holbav River in Romania.
The Vulcănescu River is a tributary of the Bistriţa Aurie River in Romania.
The Vulcanu River is a tributary of the Moldoviţa River in Romania.
The Vulcana River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
The Şăuşa River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Oroiu River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Lechinţa River or Comlod River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Milăşelu River is a tributary of the Lechinţa River in Romania.
The Drăculea River is a tributary of the Milăşelu River in Romania.
The Ghemeş River is a tributary of the Lechinţa River in Romania.
The Şopteriu River or Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Lechinţa River in Romania.
The Ulieş River is a tributary of the Lechinţa River in Romania.
The Urmeniş River is a tributary of the Lechinţa River in Romania.
The 1968–69 NHL season was the 52nd season of the National Hockey League.
The Loire River is the longest river in France.
"Gulliver's Travels" is a 1726 book by Jonathan Swift.
The Chilbucuţ River is a tributary of the Lechinţa River in Romania.
The Massif Central is a range of mountains in the south of France.
The Fânâniţa River is a tributary of the Chilbucuţ River in Romania.
The Icland River is a tributary of the Lechinţa River in Romania.
The Şincai River is a tributary of the Lechinţa River in Romania.
The Pârâul de Câmpie River - also known as Luduş River or Zau de Câmpie River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
Furius ISO Mount is a program to mount and burn iso files.
Tiktaalik  is a genus of extinct sarcopterygian  fish from the late Devonian period, with many features akin to those of tetrapods .
Game is any animal hunted for food or not normally domesticated .
A wildflower  is a flower that grows wild, meaning it was not seeded or planted by humans.
The Matca River is a tributary of the Pârâul de Câmpie in Romania.
The Ciciana Mare River is a tributary of the Pârâul de Câmpie in Romania.
Chemical polarity is a feature of chemical bonds, where two different atoms in the same molecule have different electronegativity.
The Şesu River is a tributary of the Pârâul de Câmpie in Romania.
The Bologa River is a tributary of the Şesu River in Romania.
Johnny Shines  was an American blues singer and guitarist.
Oklahoma State University is a public university located in Stillwater, Oklahoma.
Mexico  is an unincorporated community, in Cook County, Illinois.
Pioneers traveled across the Oregon Trail, one of the main overland migration routes on the North American continent, in wagons in order to settle new parts of the United States of America during the 19th century.
The Emancipation Proclamation by Abraham Lincoln was celebrated as the proclamation that freed the slaves, but it did not.
The Brooklyn Bridge, one of the oldest suspension bridges in the United States, stretches 5,989 feet  over the East River connecting the New York City boroughs of Manhattan and Brooklyn.
Food cannot be kept forever.
A Red card in sport is a punishment to a player.
The World Wrestling Entertainment  Women's Championship is an official championship in World Wrestling Entertainment competed for by divas.
KWord is a free word processor, a part of the KOffice project and of the K Desktop Environment.
The 1964–65 NHL season was the 48th season of the National Hockey League.
The Nation of Islam is a religious group.
The World Tag Team Championship is a professional wrestling tag team championship in World Wrestling Entertainment.
WrestleMania III was the third yearly WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by the World Wrestling Federation .
The Răzoare River is a tributary of the Pârâul de Câmpie in Romania.
The Frata River is a tributary of the Pârâul de Câmpie in Romania.
The Valea Botei Mari River is a tributary of the Pârâul de Câmpie in Romania.
The Valea lui Adrian River is a tributary of the Pârâul de Câmpie in Romania.
The Valea Morii River is a tributary of the Pârâul de Câmpie in Romania.
The Vucova River is a tributary of the Şurgani River in Romania.
The Vruseasca River is a tributary of the Ciuma River in Romania.
The Vraniu River is a tributary of the Ciclova River in Romania.
The Vraniţa River or Valea Cuţitelor River or Valea Cutiilor River is a tributary of the Cusuiuş River in Romania.
The Vraniţa River is a tributary of the Bâlta River in Romania.
The Valea Fânaţelor River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Cuieşd River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Berghia River is a tributary of the Cuieşd River in Romania.
The Budiu River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Iceni River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
Arthur Guseni Oliver Mutambara  is a Zimbabwean politician.
The Ercea River and Lefaia River is a tributary of the Şar River in Romania.
The Moişa River is a tributary of the Şar River in Romania.
"Kill 'Em All" is thrash metal band Metallica's first album.
The Şar River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
Lucille Frances Ryan  is a New Zealand actress.
A raccoon  is a mammal native to the Americas.
Oklahoma is a state that is in the southern part of the Central United States.
The Red Army Faction or RAF , was one of postwar West Germany's most active and prominent militant left-wing groups.
The Large Hadron Collider  is the world's biggest and highest-energy particle accelerator, used to make some subatomic particles called hadrons moving in opposite ways at up to 99.9999991% of the speed of light hit each other.
Self-Monitoring, Analysis, and Reporting Technology, or S.M.A.R.T.
Uncomplicated Firewall is a firewall for host-based iptables firewall configuration.
"Good Morning" is a single on Kanye West's 3rd studio album "Graduation".
Loupfougères is a commune of 368 people .
Louverné is a commune of 3 538 people .
Louvigné is a commune of 774 people .
Madré is a commune of 356 people .
Maisoncelles-du-Maine is a commune of 400 people .
Marcillé-la-Ville is a commune of 740 people .
Marigné-Peuton is a commune of 487 people .
Martigné-sur-Mayenne is a commune of 1 309 people .
Mée is a commune of 171 people .
Ménil is a commune of 785 people .
Méral is a commune of 913 people .
Meslay-du-Maine is a commune of 2 616 people .
Mézangers is a commune of 700 people .
Montaudin is a commune of 914 people .
Montenay is a commune of 1 399 people .
Montflours is a commune of 204 people .
Montigné-le-Brillant is a commune of 1 234 people .
Montjean is a commune of 797 people .
Montourtier is a commune of 304 people .
Montreuil-Poulay is a commune of 414 people .
Montsûrs is a commune of 2 020 people .
Moulay is a commune of 907 people .
Neau is a commune of 712 people .
Neuilly-le-Vendin is a commune of 426 people .
Niafles is a commune of 287 people .
Nuillé-sur-Vicoin is a commune of 1 184 people .
Oisseau is a commune of 1 101 people .
Olivet is a commune of 381 people .
Origné is a commune of 278 people .
La Pallu is a commune of 160 people .
Predicive failure analysis is a technology developed by IBM to monitor the likelihood of a hard disk failure.
The Advanced Technology Attachment with Packet Interface  is a way to connect storage devices, such as Hard disks, solid-state drives, and CD-ROM drives inside personal computers.
Serial Attached SCSI  is a technology designed to move data to and from computer storage devices such as hard drives and tape drives.
All the Greatest Hits is an album from the band McFly.
The Judas Kiss is the fourth single off the album by rock band Metallica off their ninth studio album Death Magnetic.
"Death Magnetic" is the ninth hit studio album by thrash metal band Metallica.
Tagged Command Queueing  is a technology that allows to send multiple read and write requests to a hard drive simultaneously.
Native Command Queuing  is a technology designed to increase performance of SATA hard disks.
Serial Storage Architecture is a technology used to attach hard disks to Servers.
Fibre Channel, or FC is an architecture (and a set of protocols to attach disk drives to computers, like in a Storage Area Network.
Parigné-sur-Braye is a commune of 624 people .
Parné-sur-Roc is a commune of 1 157 people .
Le Pas is a commune of 515 people .
La Pellerine is a commune of 291 people .
Peuton is a commune of 211 people .
Placé is a commune of 326 people .
Pommerieux is a commune of 589 people .
Pontmain is a commune of 893 people .
Port-Brillet is a commune of 1 814 people .
Préaux is a commune of 156 people .
Pré-en-Pail is a commune of 2 128 people .
Quelaines-Saint-Gault is a commune of 1 739 people .
Ravigny is a commune of 198 people .
Renazé is a commune of 2 791 people .
Rennes-en-Grenouilles is a commune of 105 people .
Le Ribay is a commune of 473 people .
La Roë is a commune of 241 people .
La Rouaudière is a commune of 333 people .
Ruillé-Froid-Fonds is a commune of 496 people .
Ruillé-le-Gravelais is a commune of 619 people .
Sacé is a commune of 320 people .
Saint-Aignan-de-Couptrain is a commune of 360 people .
Saint-Aignan-sur-Roë is a commune of 926 people .
Saint-Aubin-du-Désert is a commune of 236 people .
Saint-Aubin-Fosse-Louvain is a commune of 252 people .
Saint-Baudelle is a commune of 1 005 people .
Saint-Berthevin is a commune of 6 909 people .
Saint-Berthevin-la-Tannière is a commune of 384 people .
Saint-Brice is a commune of 487 people .
Saint-Calais-du-Désert is a commune of 318 people .
Saint-Céneré is a commune of 459 people .
Saint-Charles-la-Forêt is a commune of 190 people .
Saint-Christophe-du-Luat is a commune of 553 people .
Saint-Cyr-en-Pail is a commune of 441 people .
Saint-Cyr-le-Gravelais is a commune of 474 people .
Saint-Denis-d'Anjou is a commune of 1 337 people .
Saint-Denis-de-Gastines is a commune of 1 683 people .
Saint-Denis-du-Maine is a commune of 307 people .
Sainte-Gemmes-le-Robert is a commune of 930 people .
Saint-Ellier-du-Maine is a commune of 465 people .
Sainte-Marie-du-Bois is a commune of 210 people .
Saint-Erblon is a commune of 166 people .
Sainte-Suzanne is a commune of 1 020 people .
Saint-Fort is a commune of 1 571 people .
Saint-Fraimbault-de-Prières is a commune of 904 people .
Saint-Georges-Buttavent is a commune of 1 391 people .
Saint-Georges-le-Fléchard is a commune of 288 people .
Saint-Georges-sur-Erve is a commune of 342 people .
Saint-Germain-d'Anxure is a commune of 274 people .
Saint-Germain-de-Coulamer is a commune of 393 people .
Saint-Germain-le-Fouilloux is a commune of 670 people .
Saint-Germain-le-Guillaume is a commune of 410 people .
Saint-Hilaire-du-Maine is a commune of 664 people .
Saint-Jean-sur-Erve is a commune of 489 people .
Saint-Jean-sur-Mayenne is a commune of 1 196 people .
Saint-Julien-du-Terroux is a commune of 232 people .
Saint-Laurent-des-Mortiers is a commune of 188 people .
Saint-Léger is a commune of 231 people .
Saint-Loup-du-Dorat is a commune of 335 people .
Saint-Loup-du-Gast is a commune of 305 people .
Saint-Mars-du-Désert is a commune of 169 people .
Saint-Mars-sur-Colmont is a commune of 435 people .
Saint-Mars-sur-la-Futaie is a commune of 623 people .
Saint-Martin-de-Connée is a commune of 420 people .
Saint-Martin-du-Limet is a commune of 493 people .
Saint-Michel-de-Feins is a commune of 136 people .
Saint-Michel-de-la-Roë is a commune of 210 people .
Saint-Ouën-des-Toits is a commune of 1 435 people .
Saint-Ouën-des-Vallons is a commune of 174 people .
Saint-Pierre-des-Landes is a commune of 946 people .
Saint-Pierre-des-Nids is a commune of 1 712 people .
Saint-Pierre-la-Cour is a commune of 1,838 people .
Saint-Pierre-sur-Erve is a commune of 138 people .
Saint-Pierre-sur-Orthe is a commune of 531 people .
Saint-Poix is a commune of 393 people .
Saint-Quentin-les-Anges is a commune of 376 people .
Saint-Samson is a commune of 334 people .
Saint-Saturnin-du-Limet is a commune of 546 people .
Saint-Sulpice is a commune of 188 people .
Saint-Thomas-de-Courceriers is a commune of 246 people .
Saulges is a commune of 328 people .
La Selle-Craonnaise is a commune of 882 people .
Senonnes is a commune of 325 people .
Simplé is a commune of 256 people .
Soucé is a commune of 180 people .
Soulgé-sur-Ouette is a commune of 1 073 people .
Thorigné-en-Charnie is a commune of 162 people .
Thubœuf is a commune of 231 people .
Torcé-Viviers-en-Charnie is a commune of 737 people .
Trans is a commune of 238 people .
Vaiges is a commune of 1 151 people .
Vautorte is a commune of 573 people .
Vieuvy is a commune of 115 people .
Villaines-la-Juhel is a commune of 3,179 people .
Villepail is a commune of 205 people .
Villiers-Charlemagne is a commune of 959 people .
Vimarcé is a commune of 236 people .
Voutré is a commune of 821 people .
Walter William Walsh  was a Major League Baseball player.
The Săcal River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Râpa River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Voşlăbeni River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Vorumloc River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania.
The Voroveşti River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
The Voroneţ River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
The Vorniceasa River is a tributary of the Săvescu River in Romania.
The Valea Sterinoasă River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Gesele River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Bistra River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Valea din Mijloc River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania.
The Pârâul Rece is a tributary of the Valea din Mijloc River in Romania.
The Pârâul Cald is a headwater of the Valea din Mijloc River in Romania.
The Stega River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania.
The Zăpodea cu Podul River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania.
The Zăpodea cu Cale River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania.
The Bidireasa River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania.
The Cofu River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania.
The Doncea River or Donca River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania.
Middle Franconia is a government region of the Free State Bavaria.
"Charlotte's Web" is a children's book by American author E.
A Uranus-crosser asteroid is an asteroid whose orbit crosses that of Uranus.
The Orne  is a department in France.
Carlos Edwin "Carly" Colón, Jr.
The Gălăoaia Mică River is a headwater of the Gălăoaia River in Romania.
The Gălăoaia Mare River is a headwater of the Gălăoaia River in Romania.
The Gălăoaia River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Jişa River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Răstoliţa River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Secu River is a tributary of the Răstoliţa River in Romania.
The Tihul River is a tributary of the Răstoliţa River in Romania.
The Pârâul Mijlociu is a tributary of the Tihul River in Romania.
The Bradu River is a tributary of the Răstoliţa River in Romania.
The Frăsinet River is a tributary of the Bradu River in Romania.
The Creanga River is a tributary of the Bradu River in Romania.
The Valcăliţa River is a tributary of the Răstoliţa in Romania.
The NBA All-Star Game is an NBA game in which the best players in the Eastern Conference with the best players in the Western Conference.
The National Hockey League All-Star Game is an exhibition ice hockey game that traditionally marks the midway point of the National Hockey League's regular season.
The National Hockey League  went through an expansion for the 1967–68 NHL season, adding six new franchises and doubling the size of the league.
A Biblical manuscript is any handwritten copy of a portion of the text of the Bible.
The districts of England are a level of subdivisions of England used for the purposes of local government.The first local government districts were created in 1894 by the Local Government Act 1894 which created urban districts and rural districts as sub-divisions of counties .
A jug band is a band that has a jug player and a variety of home-made instruments.
The Zăpodia River is a tributary of the Secu River in Romania.
The Porcu River is a tributary of the Secu River in Romania.
The Scurtu River is a tributary of the Secu River in Romania.
Steven John "Steve" Carell  is an American actor, producer and writer.
Qutb-ud-din Aibak was a ruler of the Mamluk dynasty of the Delhi Sultanate.
Muhammad of Ghor was a governor and general under the Ghorid dynasty.
Vincent Anthony "Vince" Vaughn  is an American film actor.
Owen Cunningham Wilson  is an Academy Award-nominated American actor and writer.
Luke Cunningham Wilson  is an American film actor.
Seth Rogen  is a Canadian actor, comedian, writer and film producer.
John Christopher Reilly  is an Academy Award- and two-time Golden Globe-nominated American actor.
Rainn Dietrich Wilson  is an Emmy-nominated and Screen Actors Guild Award-winning American actor.
"The Office" is a Golden Globe, Emmy and Peabody Award-winning American television sitcom airing on National Broadcasting Company  and developed by Greg Daniels.
Kevin James  is an American comedian and Emmy Award-nominated actor, perhaps best known for his portrayal of lead character Doug Heffernan on the television sitcom "The King of Queens".
Mark Richard Hamill  is an American actor, comedian and voice actor.
List of all the major cities in France  .
Francis Michael "Whitey" Wistert  was an American football and baseball player.
Brest is a town in France.
St John's Innovation Centre  is a famous company which helps small companies to grow.
St John's College is a college of the University of Cambridge.
The Cambridge Science Park was started by Trinity College, Cambridge in 1970.
The Lauterpacht Centre for International Law  at the Faculty of Law, Cambridge, England, was founded in 1985 by Sir Elihu Lauterpacht under the name The Research Centre for International Law.
Sir Hersch Lauterpacht  was a member of the United Nations' International Law Commission from 1952 to 1954 and a Judge of the International Court of Justice from 1955 to 1960.
Painesville is a city in Lake County, Ohio, United States, along the Grand River .
The College Football Hall of Fame, located in South Bend, Indiana, United States, is a hall of fame and museum devoted to college football.
Solid mechanics is the branch of mechanics, physics, and mathematics that concerns itself with how solid matter under external actions works .
The Chicago Police Department, also known as the CPD, is the main law enforcement agency of the City of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States, under the jurisdiction of the city mayor.
Kedar Joshi  is a philosopher and writer.
Lady Margaret Beaufort  of the House of Lancaster was the mother of King Henry VII of England and grandmother of Henry VIII.
The Chicago Tribune Silver Football is awarded by the "Chicago Tribune" to the college football player chosen to be the Most Valuable Player of the Big Ten Conference.
A science park is a property designed and used for supporting high tech, science, or research related businesses.
Oxbridge is a word that is used to mean the University of Oxford and the University of Cambridge in England.
Nîmes is a city in the south of France and is in the Languedoc-Roussillon region.
A Lieutenant is an officer rank in the army.
Trinity College is a college of the University of Cambridge in Cambridge, England.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert  is a former All-Pro American football player.
Alvin "Moose" Wistert  was an American Football player.
"The Detroit News" is one of the two major newspapers in the U.S.
Janusz “John” Kowalik  was a Polish football striker.
A veteran  is a person who is experienced in a certain area .
Besançon is a town in France.
Mulhouse dates back to the XIIth century.
Boulogne-Billancourt  is a town in the western suburbs of Paris in France.
Perpignan is a town in the south of France of about 106,000 people .
Murrurundi is a small country town located in the Upper Hunter Valley of New South Wales.
Roubaix is a city in the north France, in the Nord département and the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region.
Pau is an town in the Aquitaine région in the south of France.
John Dunn  was an Australian bushranger.
Gianfranco Zola OBE  is a retired Italian footballer, who is now the manager of West Ham United F.C.
Asnières-sur-Seine is a town in France near Paris.
Fort-de-France is the capital of France's Caribbean département d'outre-mer of Martinique.
Drake Bell  is an American actor, singer, director and guitarist.
Saffron   is a spice made from the stigma of the flower of the saffron plant.
"Phineas and Ferb" is an animated television program produced by Disney.
Kevin Michael "Toby" McKeehan , better known as tobyMac, is a well known Christian singer from the band dcTalk.
dc Talk is a well know Christian rock/rap band, most famous for its song Jesus Freak.
Argenteuil is a town northwest of Paris, France.
Colombes is a town in the northwest suburbs of Paris, France.
What is known as Virgin birth of Jesus is a belief held by Christians and Muslims.
Montreuil is a town in the east suburbs of Paris, France.
Tourcoing is a town in the Nord department and Nord-Pas de Calais region in France.
ReLoad is an album by Metallica.
Consensus has two common meanings.
Grantland Rice  was an early 20th century American sports-writer.
Joseph Charles "Chuck" Bernard  was a professional American football center who played for the Detroit Lions in 1934 and was a two-time All-American at the University of Michigan.
Saint-Denis is a city and "commune" in the north suburbs of Paris, France.
The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities  is the oldest and largest part of the University of Minnesota system.
The Minnesota Golden Gophers are the college sports team for the University of Minnesota.
William 'Dixie' Dean, simply known as Dixie Dean was an English football player.
Harry G.
In law, a sentence forms the final act of a judge-ruled process.
Interstate 82  is a 143.58-mile long Interstate Highway in the states of Washington and Oregon.
Wesley Carter Welker  is an American football wide receiver for the New England Patriots of the National Football League.
The Izişoara River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
A food coloring is any substance that is added to food or drink to change its color.
The Vornic River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
The Vonţ River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
A varsity letter  is an award in the United States for excellence in school activities.
The Volovăţ River is a tributary of the Prut River in Romania.
The Voivodeni River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
The Voivodeni River is a tributary of the Dragu River in Romania.
Free content, or free information, is any kind of work, artwork, or other creative content having not a lot of legal restriction to people's freedom to use changed versions of and works from the content.
The Valea Teiului River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
Frederick Lee "Ted" Petoskey  was a three-sport athlete at the University of Michigan.
The Pârâul Repede is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
The Valea Carelor River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
Interstate 5  is a 1,381.29-mile long Interstate Highway in the states of California, Oregon, and Washington.
The Bistriţa River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
In baseball statistics, earned run average  is the mean of earned runs given up by a pitcher per nine innings pitched.
Interstate 90  is a 3099.07-mile long Interstate Highway in the states of Washington, Idaho, Montana, Wyoming, South Dakota, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Pennsylvania, New York, and Massachusetts.
The Valea Largă River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
The Băleasa River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
The Washington State Department of Transportation  is the part of the government of Washington about roads, railroads, ferries, airports, and other ways to get around.
The Bogleasa River is a tributary of the Băleasa River in Romania.
Body-painting  is a form of art.
The Valea Gropilor River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
The Voiteg River or Valea Seacă River or Matei River is a tributary of the Lanca Birda River in Romania.
The Voislava River is a tributary of the Jieţ in Romania.
The Voiniceşti River is a tributary of the Oltişor River in Romania.
Materpiscis  is a genus of pyctodontid placoderm drom the Late Devonian from 380 million years old.
Cornelius Crane “Chevy” Chase  is an American Emmy Award-winning comedian, writer, and television and film actor.
Diprotodon was the largest marsupial that ever lived.
Tahlequah  is a city in Cherokee County, Oklahoma, United States located at the foot hills of the Ozark Mountains.
the Russo-Japanese War was a war between the Japanese Empire and the Russian Empire.
Goodison Park is the stadium of the English football club Everton FC.
Wikileaks is a website that publishes anonymous submissions and leaks of sensitive governmental, corporate, or religious documents, while taking measures to preserve the anonymity and untraceability of its contributors.
Eugowra is a town in the central west of New South Wales, Australia.
"Californication" is the seventh studio album by American alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers.
Dan Kelly  was the youngest brother of Australian Bushranger Ned Kelly.
"By the Way" is the eighth studio album by American alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers.
"Stadium Arcadium" is the ninth studio album by American alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers.
KSpread is a free software spreadsheet program that is part of KOffice, an office suite for the KDE Desktop Environment.
It has been suggested that the text below be merged into  the "Luxembourg " page.
Nanterre is a town in the west suburbs of Paris, France.
Créteil is a town in the southeast suburb of Paris, France.
iWork is a suite of programs created by Apple Inc., containing Pages, a word processing and desktop publishing program, Keynote, a presentation package and Numbers, a spreadsheet program.
KPresenter is a free presentation program that is part of KOffice, an office suite for the KDE Desktop Environment.
The Voineşti River is a tributary of the Tutova River in Romania.
The Voineşti River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
Aulnay-sous-Bois is a town and commune in the northeast suburb of Paris, France.
The Voineşiţa River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
Vitry-sur-Seine is a town and commune located in the southest suburb of Paris, France.
The Voinegel River is a tributary of the Rânjeu River in Romania.
The Distrito Nacional is a subdivision of the Dominican Republic enclosing the capital Santo Domingo, so it is not in any of the provinces.
Duarte is a province of the Dominican Republic.
James Gibson  better known by his ring name Jamie Noble, is an American professional wrestler.
Paul Sanchez-Garcia London  is an American professional wrestler.
Sean Allen Morley  perhaps best known by his ring name of Val Venis, is a Canadian professional wrestler.
"I Don't Care" is the first single off the fifth album by Fall Out Boy, "Folie à Deux".
Joy Giovanni  is an American actress, glamour model, and former WWE Diva.
Youngstown is a village in Niagara County, New York, USA.
Bernhard "Barney" Dreyfuss  was a German-Jewish-American executive in Major League Baseball who owned the Pittsburgh Pirates franchise from 1900 to 1932.
The Băloasa River or Baloşul River is a tributary of the Râul Lung in Romania.
Brother Bear 2 is a Disney animated movie, made in 2006 and a sequel to Disney's other animated feature film, Brother Bear.
The Geysers, a geothermal power field located 72 miles  north of San Francisco, California, is the largest geothermal development in the world.
Dinar is the official currency in Serbia, Strpce province in Kosovo and in Serbian North Kosovo.
Avenel is a small town in Victoria, Australia.
"One Hot Minute" is the sixth studio album by American alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers.
Greta is a small town in Victoria, Australia.
All we know is falling is the debut album by Pop rock band Paramore It was released in the summer of 2005.
The Voineasa Mare River is a tributary of the Olteţ River in Romania.
The Voievodeasa River  is a tributary of the Topliţa River in Romania.
The Vodiţa River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
Alan Ball was an English world cup winning football player.
The Vlăşinescu River is a tributary of the Runcu River in Romania.
The Vlăsia Mică River is a headwater of the Vlăsia River in Romania.
The Vlăsia Mare River is a headwater of the Vlăsia River in Romania.
The Vlăsia River is a tributary of the Rădoteasa River in Romania.
The Sălătruc River is a tributary of the Râul Şes in Romania.
The Bloju River is a tributary of the Râul Şes in Romania.
The Râul Lung or Pârâul Lung or Feneş River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
The Lupu River is a tributary of the Râul Lung in Romania.
The Leordiş River is a tributary of the Râul Lung in Romania.
Good Life is a rap single by Kanye West and featuring T-Pain.
The Drăganu River is a tributary of the Râul Lung in Romania.
The Corbu River is a tributary of the Râul Lung in Romania.
The Cioara River is a tributary of the Râul Lung in Romania.
The Hididel River or Hidigel River or Hidegel River is a tributary of the Râul Rece in Romania.
The Râul Rece or Hideg River or Pârâul Rece is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
The Visa River is a tributary of the Râul Rece in Romania.
The "open block" is a problem first described in ' by Edward de Bono, published in 1973.
The Vlăsia River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
Lateral thinking is a term invented by Edward de Bono, a Maltese psychologist, physician and writer.
A period is the time required for one complete wave to pass a given point.
Edward de Bono  is a British physician, author, inventor, and consultant.
Quoll  are carnivorous marsupials native to Australia and Papua New Guinea.
The first Anesthesiologist was John Snow .
Wind power in the United States is a growing industry.
Necromancy is a form of divination in which a person tries to summon the spirits of the dead.
The tarot  are a set of seventy-eight cards, comprising twenty-one trump cards, one Fool, and four suits of fourteen cards each and four Face cards.
Francis Dashwood, 15th Baron le Despencer  was an English rake and politician.
Demonology is the study of demons or beliefs about demons.
"Megalania"  was a giant monitor lizard in southern Australia during the last 2 million to 40,000 years.
Pierre Boulle  was a French writer.
The Fool or The Jester is one of the 78 cards in a Tarot deck.
The Major Arcana  are twenty two tarot cards in a deck of 78.
American International Group, Inc.
The, or TSE, located in Tokyo, Japan, is the second largest stock exchange market in the world by market value, second only to the New York Stock Exchange.
Fratton Park is a football stadium in England.
The following is a list of the current stadiums in the English Premier League as of the 2008/2009 season.
The Boleyn Ground, often called Upton Park is a football stadium in London, England.
The City of Manchester Stadium, sometimes known as Eastlands, is a stadium in Manchester, England.
Craven Cottage is a football stadium in the Hammersmith area of London, England.
The Emirates Stadium is a football stadium in London, England.
Emirates is an airline based in the United Arab Emirates.
Ewood Park is a football stadium in Blackburn, England.
Crushcrushcrush is a single released by Pop rock band Paramore from their second album RIOT! In the music video you can see the band performing.
Beechworth  is a town in north-east Victoria, Australia., It was first settled in the gold rush of the mid-1850s.
"Hallelujah" is a song released by Fueled by Ramen band Paramore it is the third track off their second album RIOT! .
Collector is a small village in New South Wales, Australia.
In computing, Kivio is a free diagramming software that is part of KOffice, an office suite for KDE.
Diagramming software is a computer program that is used to produce graphical diagrams.
Ottakring is the 16th district of Vienna.
Heuriger is a word that describes the wine of the current year, and the places who serve it.
Intertidal zones are the coastal areas.
St James' Park is a football stadium in Newcastle, England.
Villa Park is a football stadium in Birmingham, England.
The JJB Stadium is a football stadium in Wigan near Manchester in England.
White Hart Lane is a football stadium in London, England.
Hawthorne Heights are an American Emo band.
The Stadium of Light is a football stadium near Newcastle, England.
Lungfish are special freshwater fish.
The Gârbova Mare River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
The Vlăduşca River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
Cellobiose is a kind of sugar.
The Vlăduşca River is a tributary of the Bârsa Tămaşului River in Romania.
The Vlădila River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Vlădiceni River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
The Vlădeţul Mic River is a tributary of the Vlădeţ River in Romania.
The Valea Poienilor River is a tributary of the Şieu River in Romania.
The Sasu River is a tributary of the Şieu River in Romania.
The Secu River is a tributary of the Şieu River in Romania.
The Şieu River or Botiza River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
Alfred Lothar Wegener  was a German scientist and meteorologist.
The Slătioara River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
The Sărata River is a tributary of the Ronişoara River in Romania.
The Ronişoara River or Rona River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
The Râul Satului is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
The Râul Corbului is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
Motte-and-bailey is a kind of castle, or fortification.
The Râul Porcului or Valea Stejarului River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
The Râul Vălenilor or Văleni River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
The Izvorul Baicului River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
Yuri Vladimarovich Andrapov  was the leader of Soviet Union from 1982 till his death from a kidney disease a year later.
The Valea Păstăilor River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
The Dinar is the name of the official currency in several countries.
The most famous story in which Orpheus figures is that of his wife Eurydice .
The Wasatch Range is a mountain range that stretches about from the Utah- Idaho border, south through central Utah in the western United States.
A baseball uniform is a special kind of uniform that baseball players wear.
Jacob Gedleyihlekisa Zuma  is a South African politician.
A cup of coffee is North American sports terminology for spending a short time by a minor league player at the major league level.
An inning, or innings, is a fixed-length segment of a game in many sports – most notably cricket and baseball when one team would try to score while the other team would try to stop the first from scoring.
The field of industrial relations  looks at the relationship between management and workers, mostly groups of workers shown by a union.
"The Michigan Daily" is the student newspaper of the University of Michigan given out everyday.
n baseball or softball, a strikeout or strike out  happens when a batter gets three strikes when his time at bat.
Conan Christopher O'Brien  is an Emmy Award-winning American television host and comedian, best known as host of NBC's "Late Night with Conan O'Brien".
A win is a statistic in Major League Baseball given to the pitcher for the winning team.
In baseball, a loss  is charged to the pitcher of the losing team.
Alfred Pritchard Sloan, Jr.
Parker Christian Posey  is an American actress.
Kenneth George Black  is a former professional footballer and current manager of Scottish club Airdrie United F.C..
John Brown, also well known by his nickname "Bomber",  is a former Scottish professional footballer, and current manager of Scottish First Division side Clyde.
Alexander Scott Rae, , is a professional footballer, who is currently player-manager at Dundee.
James 'Jim' McIntyre  is a Scottish footballer who is currently player-manager for Dunfermline Athletic in the Scottish First Division.
David John Irons  is a Scottish former professional footballer.
Roberto Landi  is an Italian football manager, currently in charge of Scottish First Division side Livingston.
Ian Holland McCall  is a former Scottish footballer and currently the manager of First Division side Partick Thistle.
Gordon Chisholm  is a former professional footballer and is currently the manager of Scottish First Division club Queen of the South from Dumfries.
Derek Adams  is a Scottish footballer who is currently player-manager at Ross County.
Derek McInness is a former professional footballer and current manager of Scottish club St.
Airdrie is a town in North Lanarkshire, Scotland.
A "gynoecium"  is the female reproductive part of a flower.
"Chase This Light" is an album by Alternative rock band Jimmy Eat World.
Saves the Day are a band who have played many genres of music during their career.
Jesus Christ Superstar is a musical by Tim Rice and Andrew Lloyd Webber.
Cumbernauld is a town in North Lanarkshire, Scotland.
Livingston is a town in the Scottish county of West Lothian.
Dunfermline  is a town in Fife, Scotland.
Greenock (Gaelic "Grianaig," is a large town in the Inverclyde council area of western Scotland.
Dumfries, meaning either "fort" or "ridge of the thicket", is a former royal burgh and town within the Dumfries and Galloway council area of Scotland and is situated close to the Solway Firth, near the mouth of the River Nith.
F.C.
Enzo Scifo is a former football player.
Peter Bonetti is a former football player.
Alan Shearer is a former English football player.
Dingwall is a town in the north of Scotland.
The Excelsior Stadium is the home of Airdrie United F.C.
Ruud Gullit is a former football player.
Zbigniew Boniek is a former football player.
Broadwood Stadium is an association football stadium situated in Cumbernauld, North Lanarkshire, Scotland.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1952/1953.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1953/1954.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1954/1955.
Dens Park is a football stadium located on Dens Road in the Scottish city of Dundee.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1955/1956.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1977/1978.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1986/1987.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1987/1988.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1988/1989.
Statistics of English Premier League in season 2003/2004.
Statistics of English Premier League in season 2004/2005.
Statistics of English Premier League in season 2005/2006.
The Sega 32x is a game console first released by Sega in 1994.
The Sega CD was a CD based console add on made by Sega and released in 1991 in Japan, 1992 in North America, and 1993 in Europe.
The Amiga CDTV was a high end game console released by Commodore in March 1991.
Vilanova i la Geltrú is a coastal town approximately south of Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.
Commodore International is a American electronics company.
Commodore 64 Games System was a cartridge based console made by Commodore.
East End Park is a football stadium situated in Dunfermline, Fife, Scotland.
Cappielow is a district of Greenock in Inverclyde, west central Scotland.
Almondvale Stadium is a football stadium in Livingston, West Lothian.
The FM Towns Marty was the world's first 32 bit game console .
Firhill Stadium is the home ground of the Scottish association football club, Partick Thistle F.C.
Palmerston Park is a multi-use stadium on Terregles Street in Dumfries, South West Scotland.
The Phillips CD-i was a CD based 16 bit console released by Phillips in 1991 along with the FM Towns Marty and Amiga CDTV.
Victoria Park is a football stadium in the town of Dingwall, Ross-shire, Scotland.
The Nintendo 64DD was a sub-CD add on for the Nintendo 64.
McDiarmid Park is the home stadium of St.
Karbon14  is a vector graphics editor.
The Leonese language  is the language of the Kingdom of León .
"Harry Potter and the Philsopher's Stone"  is a fantasy adventure movie, released on the novel from J.K.
The Vlădeţul Mijlociu River is a tributary of the Vlădeţ River in Romania.
The Vlădeţ River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
The Vlădeni River is a tributary of the Molniţa River in Romania.
The Vlădeasa River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
The Vladimiru River is a tributary of the Priboiaşa River in Romania.
The Vlavu River is a tributary of the Juliţa River in Romania.
The Văleni River is a tributary of the Câlneş River in Romania.
The Câlneş River or Bahna River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
The Bahniţa River is a tributary of the Câlneş River in Romania.
The Celac River is a tributary of the Câlneş River in Romania.
The Verdele River is a tributary of the Câlneş River in Romania.
The Leţcana River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
The Dorneşti River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
"Good Girl Gone Bad" is the third studio album by Rihanna.
The Români River  is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
The Poloboc River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
The Bouleţ River is a tributary of the Cracăul Alb River in Romania.
The Bouleţul Mare River is a tributary of the Bouleţ River in Romania.
The Bouleţul Mic River is a tributary of the Bouleţ River in Romania.
The Sas River is a tributary of the Bouleţ River in Romania.
The Coacăzul River is a tributary of the Bouleţul Mic River in Romania.
The Pârâul Fundurilor is a tributary of the Bouleţul Mic River in Romania.
The La Fântâna Omului River is a tributary of the Sas River in Romania.
The Comori River is a tributary of the Sas River in Romania.
The Lespezi River is a tributary of the Sas River in Romania.
Judd Apatow  is an American film producer, director, and screenwriter.
The Derzanul River is a tributary of the Sas River in Romania.
Interstate 182  is a 15.19-mile long Interstate Highway in the state of Washington, going into the Tri-Cities.
The Bilbor River is a tributary of the Cracăul Alb River in Romania.
Interstate 84  is a -mile long Interstate Highway in the states of Oregon, Idaho, and Utah.
Ellensburg is a city in the state of Washington.
The Tri-Cities are a group of 3 cities in Washington.
Umatilla is a city in the state of Oregon.
Hermiston is a city in the state of Oregon.
Richland is a city in the state of Washington.
Pasco is a city in the state of Washington.
Selah is a city in the state of Washington.
Union Gap is a city in the state of Washington.
Zillah is a city in the state of Washington.
Granger is a city in the state of Washington.
Sunnyside is a city in the state of Washington.
Grandview is a city in the state of Washington in the United States.
Prosser is a city in the state of Washington.
Music of the Sun is the first album by pop and R&B singer Rihanna.
Benton City is a city in the state of Washington.
"Pon de Replay" is the first single released in 2005 off the album "Music of the Sun" by pop singer Rihanna.
Kennewick is a city in the state of Washington.
Plymouth is a city in the state of Washington, In the United States of America .
An outlaw or bandit is a person who is "outside the law" usually because they have committed serious crimes.
The Căprioara River is a tributary of the Cracăul Alb River in Romania.
Kittitas County is a county located in the U.S.
Yakima County is a county located in the U.S.
Benton County is a county located in the U.S.
Umatilla County is a county located in the U.S.
The Pietrosu River is a tributary of the Cracăul Alb River in Romania.
The Ploştina River is a tributary of the Cracăul Alb River in Romania.
The Moraru River is a tributary of the Ploştina River in Romania.
The Ploştina River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
The Vâna Mare River is a tributary of the Cernat River in Romania.
The Vâna Roşie River is a tributary of the Timişul Mort River in Romania.
The Văratec River is a tributary of the Netezi River in Romania.
The Vârciorog River is a tributary of the Peştiş River in Romania.
The Vârlanu River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
In biology, the cell is the basic structure of organisms.
Cartomancy is the study of reading cards for fortune telling or divination.
Borscht  is a type of red beet soup eaten in Eastern European countries, such as Russia, Romania Poland, Belarus, Lithuania and Ukraine.
The Visconti-Sforza tarot deck is the oldest known tarot deck.
The Thoth tarot deck is a tarot deck painted by Lady Frieda Harris at the request of Aleister Crowley.
Tlaxcala is a state in central Mexico.
Tlaxcala is the smallest state in Mexico with about a million people.
The International Alliance of Research Universities  was a program launched in January 2006 as a leading co-operative network of 10 international research-intensive universities.
Rodman "Rod" Serling  was American screenwriter, radio and television narrator and producer.
The Masoretic Text is a copy of the Hebrew Bible that was written by the Masoretes between the 6th and 10th centuries.
Golant is a small village in Cornwall, England.
The Saints' Way  is a long-distance footpath in Cornwall, in the United Kingdom.
Golda Meir "",  was the fourth prime minister of the State of Israel.
Haumea is a dwarf planet in the Solar System.
The Vişag River is a river a tributary of the Săcuieu River in Romania.
The Viştea Mare River is a headwater of the Viştea River in Romania.
The Vizăuţi River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
The Vlad River is a tributary of the Moneasa River in Romania.
The Vinul Mare River is a headwater of the Vinul River in Romania.
"Psychosocial" is the the second single and fourth track from Slipknot's fourth studio album, "All Hope Is Gone" which was released August 26 2008.
Peter Lewis Kingston Wentz III  is an American musician and songwriter.
"FNMTV Premiers" is a television program shown on MTV.
Dwayne Michael Carter, Jr.
"The Carter III" is the 6th official studio album by rapper "Lil Wayne".
The Sofica River is a tributary of the Cracăul Alb River in Romania.
The Izvorul Albl River is a tributary of the Cracăul Alb River in Romania.
The Alunul River is a tributary of the Cracăul Alb River in Romania.
The Făget River is a tributary of the Alunul River in Romania.
The Frasinu River is a tributary of the Cracăul Alb River in Romania.
The Pârâul Platonesei is a tributary of the Cracăul Alb River in Romania.
The Pârâul Popii is a tributary of the Cracăul Alb River in Romania.
The Pârâul Adânc is a tributary of the Cracăul Alb River in Romania.
The Pârâul Răchitelor is a tributary of the Cracăul Negru River in Romania.
The Vizma River is a tributary of the Miniş River in Romania.
The Vişeuţ River or Borşa River is a tributary of the Vişeu River in Romania.
The Vijiştea River is a tributary of the Teleorman River in Romania.
The Viezurata River is a headwater of the Sohodol River in Romania.
The Vinişorul River is a tributary of the Tâşla River in Romania.
An administrative county "" was a old way of dividing up the land in a country that was once used in England and Wales, beginning in 1888 and also in Ireland, beginning in 1898.
The List of pages about local government in the United Kingdom page has a list of the pages in Wikipedia that have something to do with or are about local government in the United Kingdom.
Tlaxcala de Xicoténcatl is the capital of the Mexican state of Tlaxcala.
Saral is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.
Nor Khachakap  is a village in Lori province, Armenia.
The Vezieş River or Vizieş River is a tributary of the Sângeriş River in Romania.
The Viştişoara River is a headwater of the Viştea River in Romania.
The Vişag River is a tributary of the Drăgan River in Romania.
The Vidruţa River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
"The Great Escape" is the 2nd single off of the self-titled first studio album by rock band Boys Like Girls.
The Bălmuş River is a tributary of the Cracăul Negru River in Romania.
The Bălmuşel River is a tributary of the Bălmuş River in Romania.
The Cracăul Negru River is a headwater of the Cracău River in Romania.
The Alunişu River is a tributary of the Cracăul Negru River in Romania.
The Tisa River is a tributary of the Cracăul Negru River in Romania.
The Şoimu River is a tributary of the Cracăul Negru River in Romania.
The Pârâul Gradului River is a tributary of the Cracăul Negru River in Romania.
The Burloaia River is a tributary of the Cracău River in Romania.
The Burdaleuca River is a tributary of the Cracău River in Romania.
The Zahorna River is a tributary of the Cracău River in Romania.
"Stella" is the Latin and Italian word for star.
Corey Taylor  also known by his number #8, is an American singer.
The Corni River is a tributary of the Zahorna River in Romania.
The Purcăroaia River is a tributary of the Cracău River in Romania.
"Wait and Bleed" is a single from the metal band Slipknot's first album, "Slipknot".
Spit It Out is the second single from the album "Slipknot" by metal band Slipknot.
The Horăiţa River is a tributary of the Almaş River in Romania.
The Ulmul River is a tributary of the Almaş River in Romania.
The Turtureşti River is a tributary of the Cracău River in Romania.
The Veleşchia River is a tributary of the Belcina River in Romania.
The Veljul Mare River is a tributary of the Culişer Canal in Romania.
The Veneţioara River or Venecioara River is a tributary of the Veneţia River in Romania.
The Videşti River is a tributary of the Holod River in Romania.
The Viforâta River is a tributary of the Milea River in Romania.
The Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics or IBGE , is the agency responsible for statistical, geographic, cartographic, geodetic and environmental information in Brazil.
Windows 7  is the next version of Microsoft Windows.
This is a list of association football stadiums.
"Franklin" is a song by Paramore a band from the same place.
"Astelia banksii" is an evergreen silver-green plant from the beaches of New Zealand.
Barclays is a major bank.
The Beano is a weekly British comic.
Dunedin is a city in New Zealand, Ōtepoti in Maori, is the second-largest city in the South Island of New Zealand, and the main city of the region of Otago.
Dunfermline Building Society is a major United Kingdom building society.
The Big Mac Index is an economic index.
An Economic index is a number that is calculated from different economic factors, like prices or income.
JeOS is a version of Ubuntu designed for virtual machines.
All Hope Is Gone is the 2nd single off the album by Slipknot called "All Hope Is Gone".
"The Blister Exists" is the final single from Slipknot's "Vol.
Fellatio is oral sex on the penis of a man, as opposed to cunnilingus, oral sex on a woman.
"Halo 3" is a first-person shooter video game made by Bungie Studios and was published by Microsoft.
The Extremaduran language  is the native language of Northwestern province of Cáceres.
Reebok Stadium is a football stadium in the town of Bolton near Manchester, England.
The Silvestru River is a tributary of the Horăiţa River in Romania.
The Horăiciorul River is a tributary of the Horăiţa River in Romania.
The Măngălaru River is a tributary of the Horăiţa River in Romania.
The Călugărul River is a tributary of the Horăiţa River in Romania.
The Călugăriţa River is a tributary of the Călugărul River in Romania.
The Botolia River is a tributary of the Horăiţa River in Romania.
The Tanolis  also called Tanaoli, Tanol, Tol, Tholi, Tahola, Tarnoli, Tanwalis are a tribe of Hazara.
A jirga   is a tribal meeting of elders.
Gujar Khan  is a city located in Rawalpindi District, Punjab, Pakistan.
The Cuejdiu River or Cuejd River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
The Chiroaiu River is a tributary of the Cuejdiu River in Romania.
Chlamydia infection  is a common sexually transmitted infection  in humans.
The Pârâul Sărat or Pârâul Sărata is a tributary of the Cuejdiu River in Romania.
Ted Strickland  is the Governor of the U.S.
The Michigan Wolverines are 24 varsity sports teams at the University of Michigan.
The Pângărăcior River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
The Pângăraţi River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
The Veseud River is a tributary of the Pârâul Nou in Romania.
The Viteazu River is a tributary of the Bâlta River in Romania.
The Viştea River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Viemeşu River is a tributary of the Vişeu River in Romania.
The Veljul Negreştilor River is a tributary of the Veljul Mare River in Romania.
The Boston Massacre is an incident about the deaths of five civilians at the hands of British troops on March 5, 1770, the legal aftermath of which helped start the rebellion in some of the British colonies in America, which started in the American Revolution.
Xena is a fictional character in the TV series ' played by Lucy Lawless.
Dreadlocks, also called locks or dreads, are coils of hair which form by themselves, in all hair types, if the hair is allowed to grow naturally without grooming for a long time.
These are some Russian football teams.
F.C.
Lev Yashin  is a former football player.
Ronaldo  is a Brazilian football player.
Míchel is a former football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1976/1977.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1950/1951.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1951/1952.
FAI Premier Division is a football league which is top division in Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1974/1975.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1977/1978.
The Japanese kickboxing is called in English "oriental kickboxing".
Colombian Professional Football is a football league which is top division in Colombia.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1981.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1982.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1983.
Emilio Butragueño is a former football player.
Francisco Gento is a former football player.
Athletic Bilbao is a football club which plays in Spain.
Rafael Moreno Aranzadi is a former football player.
Telmo Zarra is a former football player.
Andoni Goikoetxea Olaskoaga is a former Spanish football player.
Statistics of English Premier League in season 2006/2007.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1984.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1985.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1986.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1987.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1988.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1992.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1993.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1994.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1995.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1921/1922.
Hugo Sánchez  is a former Mexican football player.
Tony Adams is a former football player.
Paolo Maldini  is an Italian football player.
Alessandro Del Piero  is a Italian football player.
Football League Fourth Division is a former football league in England and Wales.
Statistics of English Premier League in season 2007/2008.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1922/1923.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1988/1989.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1989/1990.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1990/1991.
Statistics of Ligue 1 in season 2004/2005.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1991/1992.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1992/1993.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1993/1994.
Purchasing power is a relation between labor and money.
Eratosthenes of Cyrene  was a Greek mathematician, poet, athlete, geographer and astronomer.
A tubule is a very small tube.
Villupuram is a town and municipality in Viluppuram District.
Gif el-Kebir is a large plateau in Egypt.
HBOS is a major bank.
Red Hot Chili Peppers are an American alternative/funk rock band.
The México Top 100 is a weekly musical chart.
"Must Get Out" is the 5th single by Maroon 5.
Ansel Easton Adams  was a legendary American photographer and environmentalist, best known for his black-and-white photographs of the American West and primarily Yosemite National Park.
The Vişag River is a tributary of the Şoimu River in Romania.
The Vinul Mic River is a headwater of the Vinul River in Romania.
Dorothea Lange  was an influential American documentary photographer and photojournalist, best known for her Depression-era work for the Farm Security Administration .
The Vinul River or Valea Vinului River is a tributary of the Bistricioara in Romania.
Lostprophets are a rock band from Wales.
The Vidra River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
The Veţel River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Vătafu River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
Racism is a belief that some people have that says one race or ethnicity is better or worse than another.
Korba is a city in the central Indian state of Chattisgarh.
Apoptosis is the planned cellular death and happens in most body cells every day.
Phagocytes or Phagocytic cells are specialised cells that engulf and break down dirt or bacteria.
FM Static is a Pop punk band that makes albums with "Tooth & Nail Records".
A Wadi is usually a valley, sometimes the bed of a river.
Noble gas compounds are chemical compounds that have an element from Group 18 of the periodic table in them.
A vector graphics editor is a computer program that lets users make and change vector graphics images and save them in one of many popular vector graphics formats such as EPS, PDF, WMF, SVG or VML.
What Are You Waiting For? is the debut album from FM Static, a Canadian pop punk band.
The Negev is a desert that covers about 60% of the current state of Israel.
Critically Ashamed is the sophomore effort by Fm static, a canadian pop punk band, like I've said before LOL.
The Vâltori River is a tributary of the Ampoi River in Romania.
The Vâna Mare River or Vena Mare River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
The Vânturătoarea River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
The Vârtop River is a tributary of the Peşteana River in Romania.
The Vişa River , is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania.
Alfred Eisenstaedt  was a German American photographer and photojournalist.
Petrochemicals are chemical products that are made from petroleum, natural gas or other hydrocarbons.
Electronegativity, symbol χ, is a chemical property that says how well an atom can attract electrons towards itself and make a covalent bond.
Linus Carl Pauling  was an American scientist, peace activist, author and educator.
Strabo (Greek: Στράβων; 63/64 BC – ca.
Chris Waddle is a former football player.
Ray Ozzie  is an American computer programmer.
The Entrepreneur of a company or organization is the person who came up with the idea.
Ian Ure is a former football player.
Assets are things that an indvidual or company owns.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1996/1997.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1997/1998.
Identity theft is a type of fraud that involves using personal details of someone else.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1998/1999.
 Definition .
Statistics of The Football League in season 1931/1932.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1932/1933.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1933/1934.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1934/1935.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1935/1936.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1936/1937.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1937/1938.
Victory is when you win an argument, war or test.
An illegal imigrant is a person that comes into a country without permission or in a way that is not allowed, or illegal.
Francisco Castro is a football player.
Stuart Murdoch is a former football manager.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1938/1939.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1939/1940.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1946/1947.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1947/1948.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1948/1949.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1949/1950.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1923/1924.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1995/1996.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1996/1997.
The Viroage River is a tributary of the Coţatcu River in Romania.
The Vinţ River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Vete River is a tributary of the Bicăjel River in Romania.
Chris Cornell  is best known as the vocalist in the grunge band Soundgarden but is also known as the vocalist in Audioslave and Temple of the Dog.
A curse tablet or binding spell  is a type of curse.
The Vete River is a tributary of the Bicăjel River in Romania.
Kim Thayil  best known as the lead guitarist in Soundgarden.
Matthew David Cameron  is an American drummer best known as the drummer in Soundgarden and Pearl Jam.
Ben Shepherd  is an American musician, best known as the bass player in the grunge band Soundgarden from 1990 until the band's 1997 break-up.
The Velna River or Verna River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania.
"A-Sides" is a best-of album by Soundgarden with songs spanning the band's thirteen year career.
A greatest hits album  is a compilation album of successful, previously released songs by a particular music artist or band.
"Down on the Upside" is the fifth and final studio album by Soundgarden.
Alternative metal is a form of alternative music in the heavy metal genre.
The "Halloween movies" are a series of horror movies.
The Turkish diaspora is a term used to describe the communities of Turkish people living outside of Turkey.
In Greek mythology, the Anemoi  were wind gods.
In baseball, a hit is when a player  who is trying to hit the ball that is thrown  by the thrower  hits the ball in such a way as to let him move forward at least one base.
A shutout is a baseball game where at least one team does not score any runs.
Fried rice is a popular item in Chinese cuisine.
In American football, uniform numbers are special numbers added to jerseys or other types of clothing to tell players from each other.
The national flag of Pakistan was designed by Syed Amir uddin Kedwaii and was based on the original flag of the Muslim League.
The State Emblem of Pakistan was adopted in 1954.
The Qaumī Tarāna  is the national anthem of Pakistan.
Gloydius himalayanus is a venomous pitviper species found along the southern slopes of the Himalayas in Pakistan.
Kargil is a district of Ladakh, Indian-occupied Kashmir, Kashmir region.
Chelonia mydas, commonly known as the Green turtle, Myda turtle or Green sea turtle is a large sea turtle belonging to the family Cheloniidae.
The Brahminy River Turtle or Crowned River Turtle  is a species of turtle found in northern India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh .
Ornate Reef seasnake  is a species of sea snake.
The discography of Soundgarden, a Seattle, Washington-based alternative rock band, consists of five studio albums, two compilation albums, five extended plays , and eighteen singles.
"Louder Than Love" is the second full-length album by the American grunge band Soundgarden.
"Ultramega OK" is the debut album by the American grunge band Soundgarden.
Soundgarden was an American rock band formed in Seattle, Washington in 1984 by lead singer and drummer Chris Cornell, lead guitarist Kim Thayil, and bassist Hiro Yamamoto.
Soundgarden was an American rock band formed in Seattle, Washington in 1984 by lead singer and drummer Chris Cornell, lead guitarist Kim Thayil, and bassist Hiro Yamamoto.
James Milner is a football player.
Peter Osgood is a former football player.
Trevor Francis is a former football player.
Statistics of English Premier League in season 2008/2009.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1924/1925.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1997/1998.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1998/1999.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1999/2000.
Statistics of Ligue 1 in season 2003/2004.
Statistics of Ligue 1 in season 2005/2006.
Statistics of Ligue 1 in season 2006/2007.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1982/1983.
Sub Pop is an independent record label founded by Bruce Pavitt and Jonathan Poneman in Seattle, Washington in 1986.
SST Records is an American independent record label formed in 1978 in Long Beach, California by musician Greg Ginn.
A&M Records is an American record label owned by Universal Music Group which operates through the Interscope-Geffen-A&M division.
Skin Yard was a rock band from Seattle, Washington, who were active from 1985 to 1992.
Hater was an American rock band from the 1990s, a side project mostly under the direction of Soundgarden bassist Ben Shepherd.
Wellwater Conspiracy was a rock band featuring Matt Cameron and John McBain.
Temple of the Dog was an American rock band that formed in 1990 by Chris Cornell of Soundgarden as a tribute to his friend, the late Andrew Wood, lead singer of Malfunkshun and Mother Love Bone.
Bruce Pavitt is the Chicago-born founder of record label Sub Pop.
The Sound Garden is a public art work on NOAA property adjacent to Magnuson Park in Seattle, Washington.
"Fopp" is the second EP by the grunge band Soundgarden, released in August 1988 on Sub Pop Records.
"Screaming Life" is the debut EP by the Seattle grunge band Soundgarden, released in October 1987 on Sub Pop Records.
"Loudest Love" is an EP by the grunge band Soundgarden.
"Screaming Life/Fopp" is a compilation album by the grunge band Soundgarden.
"Louder Than Live" is a home video released by the Seattle grunge band Soundgarden featuring songs performed live at the Whisky a Go Go in Los Angeles, California on December 7, 1989 and December 10, 1989.
"Motorvision" is a home video released by the Seattle grunge band Soundgarden.
"Songs from the Superunknown" is an EP by the grunge band Soundgarden.
Jason Everman  is an American guitarist who played with Nirvana and Soundgarden.
 is a bassist who was a founding member of grunge band Soundgarden, along with Kim Thayil and Chris Cornell in 1984.
Scott Sundquist was a drummer for the grunge band Soundgarden during the mid-1980s.
a-ha is a band from Norway.
Baseball is a team sport which is played by several professional leagues all over the world.
Anglicisation or Anglicization  is the act of changing of spoken or written elements of another language into a more understandable English for an English speaker.
In American and Canadian football, offensive tackles  are a part of the offensive line.
Jeanne Rij-Rousseau  was a French Cubist painter and an art theoretician.
The Vineşti River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Viişoara River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
The Viezuroiu River is a tributary of the Sâmbotin River in Romania.
The Vezendiu River is a tributary of the Ier River in Romania.
The Vâna Şerbenilor River or Şerbeni River or Râul Şerbenilor is a tributary of the Pădurani River in Romania.
The Vârciorova River is a tributary of the Bolvaşniţa River in Romania.
The Vătăleţu River is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
The Veljul River is a tributary of the Barcău River in Romania.
Championships by school.
Napalm Death are a heavy metal band from Birmingham England.
Charles Michael "Chuck" Schuldiner was an American singer, songwriter and guitarist.
The Viduţa River is a tributary of the Vida River in Romania.
The Vida River is a tributary of the Holod River in Romania.
The Vălişorul River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
The Vâna Mică River is a tributary of the Lanca Birda River in Romania.
The Vărfuraşu River is a tributary of the Crăciunu River in Romania.
The Vediţa River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
The Veljul River is a tributary of the Chişer River in Romania.
The Veraşu River is a headwater of the Râul Roşu Mare in Romania.
Randal "Randy" Keith Orton  is an American professional wrestler signed to World Wrestling Entertainment .
Atonement is a idea found in both Christianity and Judaism that describes how sin can be forgiven by God.
Mark Henry  is an American professional wrestler.
The Cold War Kids are an indie rock band.
Maramureş  of Romania, in the Maramureş region.
"Of Mice and Men" is a book writen by John Steinbeck in 1937.
Europe is a Swedish rock band.
Samuel Goldwyn  was an important producer who made a lot of movies in America.
Adam Joseph Copeland  better known by his ring name Edge, is a Canadian professional wrestler currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment  and to the SmackDown brand.
The Book of Tobit  is a book of biblical scripture that is part of the Catholic and Orthodox biblical canon, put forward by the Council of Carthage of 397 and confirmed for Roman Catholics by the Council of Trent .
The Forbidden City, now known as the Palace Museum is an enormous historical palace and an art museum located in the historical center of Beijing, China.
This is a list of rivers in Pakistan .
The Book of Zechariah is a book of the Bible found in the Old Testament and the Jewish Tanakh thought to be written by the prophet Zechariah.
The Book of Zephaniah is a book of the Bible and is thought to be written by “Zephaniah son of Cushi son of Gedaliah son of Amariah son of Hezekiah, in the days of King Josiah son of Amon of Judah”.
The "Song of Songs" is a book of the Hebrew Bible or Tanakh and Old Testament;one of the five "megillot" .
The Book of Isaiah  is a book of the Bible thought to be written by the Prophet Isaiah, who lived in the second half of the 8th century BC.
The Book of Nehemiah is a book of the Hebrew Bible, thought to be a continuation of the Book of Ezra, and is sometimes called the second book of Ezra.
The Book of Obadiah is found in the Hebrew Bible and the Old Testament of the Christian Bible where it is the shortest book, only one chapter long.
The book of Nahum is a book in the Bible's Old Testament and Jewish Tanakh.
The Book of Micah  is one of the books of the Hebrew Bible and the Christian Old Testament.
The Book of Joel is part of the Jewish Tanakh, and also the Old Testament of the Christian Bible.
The "Book of Hosea" is one of the books of the Hebrew Bible and of the Christian Old Testament.
The Book of Haggai is a book of the Tanakh  and of the Old Testament, written by the prophet Haggai.
The Book of Habakkuk is the eighth book of the 12 minor prophets of the Hebrew Bible.
The Book of Ezra is a book of the Bible in the Old Testament and Hebrew Tanakh.
Aberdeen railway station is a railway station in Aberdeen, Scotland.
Thomas Lauren Friedman  is an American journalist.
Mark Bosnich is a football player.
Dario Gradi is a former football manager.
Rio Ferdinand  is a English football player.
Jack Charlton is a former football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1888/1889.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1925/1926.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1950.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1994/1995.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1991/1992.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1982/1983.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1983/1984.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1992/1993.
Statistics of La Liga in season 2003/2004.
Statistics of La Liga in season 2004/2005.
Billy Wright is a former football player.
Mick McCarthy is a former football player.
Ali Daei is a former football player.
Carsten Ramelow is a former football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1889/1890.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1926/1927.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1951.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1932/1933.
Statistics of La Liga in season 2005/2006.
Statistics of La Liga in season 2006/2007.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1990/1991.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1994/1995.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1995/1996.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1986/1987.
Geysir  is the name for a hot spring which erupts in a very secial way.
Lens is a city in the Pas-de-Calais department of France.
Music recording sales certification is a system of showing that a music recording has sold a certain number of copies.
The global music industry typically awards recordings with certification awards based on the total units sold.
The Canadian Recording Industry Association is a non-profit trade organization that was founded in 1964 to represent the interests of Canadian companies that create, manufacture and market sound recordings in Canada.
The British Phonographic Industry  is the British record industry's trade association.
A gramophone record  is an analog sound storage medium consisting of a flat disc with an inscribed modulated spiral groove usually starting near the periphery and ending near the center of the disc.
Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks  is a ranking in "Billboard" magazine of the most-played songs on mainstream rock radio stations, a category that includes stations that play primarily rock music but are not modern rock  stations, which are counted in the Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart.
The 1959–60 NHL season was the 43rd season of the National Hockey League.
Sabelianism is a position in Christian theology.
Tritheism is the belief that there are three distinct, powerful gods, who form a triad.
The Book of Jeremiah, or Jeremiah , is part of the Hebrew Bible, Judaism's Tanakh, and later became a part of Christianity's Old Testament.
The Book of Lamentations ) is a book of the Bible Old Testament and Jewish Tanakh.
The Book of Ezekiel is a book of the Hebrew Bible  named after the prophet Ezekiel.
The Book of Daniel , originally written in Hebrew and Aramaic, is a book in both the Hebrew Bible  and the Christian Old Testament.
The Book of Amos is one of the books of the Nevi'im  and of the Christian Old Testament.
Washington Mutual   was the United States' largest savings and loan association.
"Henry Gray's Anatomy of the Human Body"  is an English-language human anatomy textbook.
Gray's Anatomy for Students is an anatomy textbook following the same idea as the famous Gray's Anatomy for medical students.
The Vidrişoara River is a tributary of the Arieşul Mic River in Romania.
The Vidra River is a tributary of the Firiza River in Romania.
Killing Joke are an industrial rock band from England.
The Vezurişte River is a tributary of the Vârciorog River in Romania.
The Văruţu River is a tributary of the Valea Satului River in Romania.
The Ungureni River or Vârtop River is a tributary of the Bălăşiţa River in Romania.
The Veneţia River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Verdele River is a tributary of the Şoimu River in Romania.
David Finlay  is a professional wrestler and road agent from Belfast, Northern Ireland.
Christopher Keith Irvine , better known by his ring name Chris Jericho, is an American-born Canadian television and stage actor, author, radio host, rock musician, and professional wrestler.
Charles Curtis  was a Representative and a Senator from Kansas as well as the thirty-first Vice President of the United States.
Paul Randall Wight , better known by his ring name,  Big Show, is an American professional wrestler and actor, currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment , wrestling on its SmackDown brand.
Robert Guiscard , was a Norman adventurer.
William Almon Wheeler  was a Representative from New York and the nineteenth Vice President of the United States.
Schuyler  Colfax, Jr.
Henry Wilson  was a Senator from Massachusetts and the eighteenth Vice President of the United States.
Hubert Horatio Humphrey, Jr.
Alben William Barkley  was a Democratic member of the U.S.
John Nance Garner IV nicknamed "Cactus Jack"  was the forty-fourth Speaker of the United States House of Representatives  and the thirty-second Vice President of the United States .
Thomas Andrews Hendricks  was a U.S.
Levi Parsons Morton  was a Representative from New York and the twenty-second Vice President of the United States.
Garret Augustus Hobart  was the twenty-fourth Vice President of the United States.
Charles Warren Fairbanks  was a Senator from Indiana and the twenty-sixth Vice President of the United States.
Thomas Riley Marshall  was an American politician who served as the twenty-eighth Vice President of the United States of America under Woodrow Wilson from 1913 to 1921.
Charles Gates Dawes  was an American banker and politician who was the thirtieth Vice President of the United States.
Rainulf Drengot  was a Norman adventurer.
Gregg Gillis, better known by his stage name Girl Talk, is an American musian who remixes music.
The A∴A∴ (Latin: "Argenteum Astrum" or Greek: "Άστρον Αργόν", "Astron Argon", both literally; "Silver star", alternately, Latin: "Arcanum Arcanorum", is a magical order created by Aleister Crowley in 1907 after leaving the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn.
The Book of the Law is the central sacred text of Thelema, written by Aleister Crowley in Cairo, Egypt in the year 1904.
Ordo Templi Orientis   is an international fraternal and religious organization founded at the beginning of the 20th century.
The Luther Bible is a German Bible translation by Martin Luther, first printed with both testaments in 1534.
Wyclif's Bible is the name now given to a group of Bible translations into Middle English, that were made under the direction of, or at the instigation of, John Wycliffe.
Jens Jeremies is a former football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1890/1891.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1927/1928.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1952.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1983/1984.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1984/1985.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1985/1986.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1986/1987.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1987/1988.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1987/1988.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1988/1989.
Ferenc Puskás  is a former Hungarian football player.
Michel Platini  is a former French football player.
Hidetoshi Nakata  is a former Japanese football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1891/1892.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1928/1929.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1953.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1972/1973.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1973/1974.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1974/1975.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1975/1976.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1976/1977.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1977/1978.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1978/1979.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1979/1980.
Relient K are an American band from Ohio.
Hieronymus Bosch (, Dutch, born Jeroen Anthonissen van Aken c.
Bush were a British post-grunge band, formed in London in 1992.
"Fell on Black Days" is a song by the American rock band Soundgarden, released in 1994 as the fifth single from the band's fourth studio album, "Superunknown" .
Pallas' Cat , also known as the manul, is a small wild cat of Central Asia.
The Pollock Halls of Residence are buildings in Edinburgh, Scotland.
Scarborough railway station is a railway station in Scarborough, North Yorkshire, England.
Methil is a town in Fife, Scotland.
"Chris Brown" is the first album by Chris Brown.
Pakistan is a nation with a diverse economy that include textiles, chemicals, food processing, agriculture and other industries.
The Karachi Stock Exchange or KSE is a stock exchange located in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.
The Vidolm River is a tributary of the Arieş River in Romania.
The Vica River is a tributary of the Gurasada River in Romania.
The Vetijgat River is a tributary of the Sânmiclăuş River in Romania.
The Verdele River is a tributary of the Bălosu River in Romania.
The Velicanul River is a tributary of the Valea Glăjăriei in Romania.
The Vătăşniţa River a tributary of the Pârâul Ţigăncilor in Romania.
The Vărsăturile River is a tributary of the Vărbilău River in Romania.
The land of Pakistan including Jammu and Kashmir has varied eco-zones resulting in varied fauna and flora.
The Văratica River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Vâna River is a tributary of the Şurgani River in Romania.
The resurrection of Jesus is a core event in the body of Christian beliefs.
The "Executive Branch" is the legal partition of a nation or a state government.
The crucifixion of Jesus is an event recorded in all four gospels which takes place after his arrest and trial.
James William "Jim" Ross  is a professional wrestling commentator.
King of the Ring is a professional wrestling single-elimination tournament held by World Wrestling Entertainment.
John Charles Layfield  known by his current ring name John "Bradshaw" Layfield or JBL, is an American professional wrestler.
Mary Jane Blige  is an R&B, rap and pop singer.
Dancing Beijing is the name of the symbol of the 2008 Summer Olympics, in Beijing inChina.
Lactobacillus are most species of this non-spore-forming ferment glucose into lactose.
Waterford United F.C.
Montpellier H.S.C.
A.S.
Olympique de Marseille is a football club from France.The club competes in Ligue 1 .
Arsène Wenger  is a French football manager.
John Arne Riise is a football player.
Patrick Vieira is a football player.
David Seaman is a former football player.
Luther Blissett is a former football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1992/1993.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1993/1994.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1929/1930.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1954.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1980/1981.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1981/1982.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 2000/2001.
Chinese architecture refers to the architecture of China.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1973/1974.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1974/1975.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1975/1976.
Jimmy Greaves is a former football player.
Eugenio Corini is a football player.
Vasile Miriuţă is a former football player.
Jerzy Dudek is a football player.
Henrik Larsson  is a Swedish football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1892/1893.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1930/1931.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1955.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1933/1934.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1976/1977.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1977/1978.
Statistics of La Liga in season 2001/2002.
Statistics of La Liga in season 2002/2003.
Statistics of La Liga in season 2007/2008.
Statistics of La Liga in season 2008/2009.
Ian Wright is a former football player.
Clyde Best is a former football player.
Edgar Davids  is a football player.
Marc-Vivien Foé  is a former football player.
Ian Hamilton is a former football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1999/2000.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1931/1932.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1956.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 2001/2002.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1996/1997.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1984/1985.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1985/1986.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1989/1990.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1993/1994.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1952/1953.
Olympique Lyonnais is a football club which plays in France.
F.C.
Glasgow Central station is a railway station in Glasgow, Scotland.
Mary of Teck  was the queen consort of King George V of the United Kingdom, who was also Emperor of India.
Marlborough House is a mansion in Westminster, London.
Richmond Park is a 955 hectare  urban park near central London, UK.
Brantridge Park is a former royal residence in Balcombe, West Sussex, England.
Osborne House is a former royal residence East Cowes on the Isle of Wight, England.
Docetism is an early Christian teaching that says that Jesus only appeared to have a human body.
This is a list of residences occupied by the British Royal family, noting the seasons of the year they are traditionally occupied.
Peter Senerchia  is an American retired professional wrestler and current color commentator best known by his ring name Tazz, .
Lille O.S.C.
Saw is the first of the 5 horror genre movies released in 2004.
The Prince Andrew, Duke of York  is a member of the British Royal Family, the second son of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, the Duke of Edinburgh.
Jinnah International Airport previously Quaid-e-Azam International Airport  is Pakistan's largest international and domestic airport.
The Vicleanul Mare River is a tributary of the Firiza River in Romania.
The Veza River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania.
The Vălosu River is a tributary of the Drăgan River in Romania.
The Vâlta River is a tributary of the Coşna River in Romania.
The Vâna Mare River is a tributary of the Lanca Birda River in Romania.
The Vâna Secănească River or Vâna Ohaba is a tributary of the Mâtnic River in Romania.
The Văraştina River or Bolditău River is a tributary of the Valea Vinului River in Romania.
The Vârşioru River is a tributary of the Jaleş River in Romania.
The Veţca River is a tributary of the Târnava Mică River in Romania.
Demetria Devonne "Demi" Lovato (b.
Road game , better known as an away game, is a reference to all cities and stadia/arenas/fields/venues where an athletic team plays games for which they are not the host.
Parqués is the Colombian board game.
In sports, home is a term meaning both the city and stadium, arena, or field where an athletic team plays games at their own venue.
Hurricane Hugo was a powerful Category 5 hurricane that struck Guadeloupe, Montserrat, Puerto Rico, St.
Jerry Lawler  is an American musician, film actor, politician, professional wrestler and wrestling commentator, known throughout the wrestling world as Jerry "The King" Lawler.
We Rock is a song off the soundtrack of Camp Rock.
The "Camp Rock: Soundtrack" is a pre-release album released in late May, 2008.
The Turkish alphabet is used for writing, speaking and reading in Turkish.
"This Is Me" is a single by Demi Lovato on "The Camp Rock Soundtrack".
"Play My Music" is a 2008 song performed and recorded by the The Jonas Brothers.
Michael is a male Hebrew name, popular in English.
Rivaldo  is a Brazilian football player.
Peter Reid is a football manager.
Mehdi Mahdavikia  is a football player.
Ali Karimi is a football player.
Ray Harford is a former football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1893/1894.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1932/1933.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1957.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1934/1935.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1953/1954.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1954/1955.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1955/1956.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1956/1957.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1957/1958.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1958/1959.
John Welsh is a football player.
José Luis Chilavert  is a former football player.
Erik Nevland is a football player.
Bill Shankly is a former football player.
Billy McNeill is a former football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1894/1895.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1933/1934.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1958.
Statistics of Ligue 1 in season 2002/2003.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1959/1960.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1960/1961.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1961/1962.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1962/1963.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1963/1964.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1964/1965.
Edmundo  is a Brazilian football player.
Adrian Mutu is a Romanian football player.
David Moyes is a former Scottish football player.
Gérard Houllier is a French football manager and former player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1895/1896.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1934/1935.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1959.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1935/1936.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1965/1966.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1966/1967.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1967/1968.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1968/1969.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1969/1970.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1970/1971.
Waggle dance is a term used in beekeeping and ethology.
James  Yuille McLean  is a former Scottish football player and manager.
The German Grand Prix  is an automobile race held every year.
The Hockenheimring Baden-Württemberg is an automobile racing track located near the town of Hockenheim in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
The Singapore Grand Prix is a Formula One race staged in the Marina Bay area of Singapore, the race is Formula One's first night race.
Stephen Patrick Morrissey , known by the stage name of Morrissey from his surname is a English musician, singer and songwriter.
Hernando de Soto  is a Peruvian economist.
The Belgian Grand Prix is an automobile race, part of the Formula One World Championship.
Hernando de Soto  was a Spanish explorer and conquistador.
The Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps is the location of the Formula One Belgian Grand Prix and the Spa 24 Hours endurance race.
Circuit de Monaco is the name given to a motor racing circuit laid out on the city streets of Monte Carlo and La Condamine around the harbor of the principality of Monaco.
The Dutch Grand Prix was a Formula One automobile race held at Circuit Zandvoort, from 1952 to 1985.
The United States Grand Prix is a motor race which has been run on and off since 1908, when it was known as the "American Grand Prize".
The Spanish Grand Prix  is a Formula One race currently held at the Circuit de Catalunya in Barcelona, Spain, as part of the annual Formula One championship season.
The Canadian Grand Prix  is an auto race held in Canada since 1961.
The Râul Primejdios or Veszes River is a tributary of the Caşin River in Romania.
The Verşteag River is a tributary of the Şereniac River in Romania.
The Veredin River is a tributary of the Mehadica River in Romania.
The Vederoasa River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
The Vătavu River is a tributary of the Şomuzul Mare River in Romania.
The Vârghiş River is a tributary of the Cormoş River in Romania.
The Vârghiş River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Vârgău River is a tributary of the Sipoş River in Romania.
The Vărbilău River is a tributary of the Slănic River in Romania.
The Vâlsan River is a tributary of the Şucu River in Romania.
Anantnag is a district in the state of Jammu and Kashmir in north-western India.
Pakistan International Airlines Corporation, more commonly known as Pakistan International Airlines or PIA , is the flag carrier and national airline of Pakistan.
Islamabad International Airport or Chaklala Airbase   is the third largest airport in Pakistan, it is located in Rawalpindi, Punjab.
The International Air Transport Association is an international industry trade group of airlines.
Indian Sign Language  or Indo-Pakistan Sign Language is possibly the predominant sign language variety in South Asia, used by at least several hundred thousand deaf signers .
The 1935–36 NHL season was the 19th season of the National Hockey League .
Coppins is an English country house in the village of Iver in Buckinghamshire.
Bagshot Park  eleven miles south of Windsor, is a royal residence.
Balmoral Castle is a royal residence in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.
The Beech is a giant tree in the genus Fagus in the plant family Fagaceae.
Bioethics is a field of ethics in philosophy that studies the ethical, legal and social issues in medicine and biology.
Caricaceae is a family of flowering plants in the order Brassicales, found in tropical regions of Central and South America and Africa.
Pollen is a powder made of pollen grains, which produce sperm cells  of seed plants.
The Tiny Rascal Gang  is an Asian criminal gang created in California during the middle of the 1980s.
"We Ski", also known as "Family Ski" in Japan and Europe is a video game for the Wii.
Denison is a city in Grayson County, Texas, United States.
"Mentha"  is a genus of about 25 species  of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae .
The order Lamiales is a taxon in the asterid group of dicotyledonous flowering plants.
Lamiaceae or Labiatae, also known as the mint family, is a family of plants comprising about 210 genera and some 3,500 species.
"Nepeta" is a genus of about 250 species of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae.
Garden Angelica ("Angelica archangelica"; syn.
Rosemary  is a woody, perennial herb with fragrant evergreen needle-like leaves.
Liquorice  or licorice    is the root of "Glycyrrhiza glabra", from which a sweet flavour can be extracted.
Faboideae is a subfamily of the flowering plant family Fabaceae or Leguminosae.
Galegeae is a tribe of the subfamily Faboideae.
"Glycyrrhiza" is a genus of about 18 accepted species in the family Fabaceae , with a subcosmopolitan distribution in Asia, Australia, Europe, and the Americas.
Cumin "" sometimes spelled cummin) is a flowering plant in the family Apiaceae, native from the east Mediterranean to East India.
"Satureja" is a genus of aromatic plants of the family Lamiaceae, related to rosemary and thyme.
Superchunk is an American indie rock band.
A semi-automatic, or self-loading firearm is a gun that requires only a trigger pull for each round that is fired, unlike a single-action revolver, a pump-action firearm, a bolt-action firearm, or a lever-action firearm, which require the shooter to manually chamber each successive round.
A semi-automatic rifle is a type of rifle that fires a single bullet each time the trigger is pulled, without the need manually to operate a bolt, lever, pump or other firing or loading mechanism.
The term bolt action refers to a type of firearm action in which the weapon's bolt is operated manually by the opening and closing of the breech with a small handle, most commonly placed on the right-hand side of the weapon.
A trigger is a mechanism that you pull on a firearm to shoot.
Diatomic molecules are molecules made only of two atoms, of either the same or different chemical elements.
"Fragile Future" is the third album by Hawthorne Heights.
Dundalk  is a town in County Louth, Ireland, near the border with Northern Ireland.
County Louth  is a county on the east coast of Ireland, on the border with Northern Ireland.
"Robot Chicken" is a comedy stop-motion television series.
Victor Hammer , was a businessman, founder and owner of the famed Hammer Galleries in New York City, and the younger brother of Armand Hammer.
The Râul Venţel is a tributary of the Turia River in Romania.
The Veljul Mic River is a tributary of the Veljul Mare River in Romania.
The Vătăvoaia River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
The Vărzari River is a tributary of the Crişul Nou River in Romania.
The Vârtop River is a tributary of the Baboia River in Romania.
The Vărmaga River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Vârciorog River is a tributary of the Arieşul Mare River in Romania.
The Vărbila River is a tributary of the Cricovul Sărat River in Romania.
The Văratecu River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
The Văraştina River is a tributary of the Botizu River in Romania.
The Vâna Mălâei River is a tributary of the Siriu Mare River in Romania.
The Vămăşoaia River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
The Văleni River is a tributary of the Arieş River in Romania.
My Sims is a video game for the Wii and Nintendo DS.
The Sun is a tabloid daily newspaper published in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
The M2 Machine Gun, or Browning.50 Caliber Machine Gun is a heavy machine gun designed towards the end of World War I by John Browning.
Stealth technology, technology used to conceal ships, aircraft, and missiles .
Stealth technology also known as LOT  is a sub-discipline of military electronic countermeasures which covers a range of techniques used with aircraft, ships and missiles, in order to make them less visible.
The Pakistan People's Party Parliamentarians  is a party created by Makhdoom Amin Fahim.
Bangladesh Nationalist Party  is the immediate past ruling political party of Bangladesh.
"Rosmarinus" is a small genus of woody, perennial herb with fragrant evergreen needle-like leaves in the family Lamiaceae, native to the Mediterranean region.
The Apiales are an order of flowering plants.
The Apiaceae or Umbelliferae is a family of usually aromatic plants with hollow stems, commonly known as umbellifers.
"Angelica" is a genus of about 50 species of tall biennial and perennial herbs in the family Apiaceae, native to temperate and subarctic regions of the Northern Hemisphere, reaching as far North as Iceland and Lapland.
Blephilia  is a genus of three species of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae.
"Ballota"  is a genus of about 35 species of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae, native to temperate regions of Europe, north Africa and western Asia, with the highest diversity in the Mediterranean region.
"Agastache", is a genus of 9–12 species of perennial herbs in the family Lamiaceae, native to eastern Asia  and North America .
"Acrocephalus" is a genus of plants in the family Lamiaceae, containing about 130 species.
"Acinos" is a genus of ten species of annual and short-lived evergreen perennial woody plants native to southern Europe and western Asia.
"Acanthomintha" is a genus of the Lamiaceae, or mint family.
Franz Joseph Hermann Michael Maria von Papen zu Köningen  was a German nobleman, Catholic monarchist politician, General Staff officer, and diplomat, who served as Chancellor of Germany in 1932 and as Vice-Chancellor in 1933-1934.
Lemon balm  is a perennial herb in the mint family Lamiaceae, native to southern Europe and the Mediterranean region.
Bronchitis is an inflammation of the bronchi.
The Kashmiri people  are a Dardic ethnic group living in the central valley of Kashmir between Pakistan and the Indians who speak the Kashmiri language.
Hastings is a town on the coast of East Sussex in England and is the administrative center for the borough of the same name.
Malvern College is a coeducational British public School, founded in 1865.
UN peacekeeping missions involving Pakistan covers a long and cherished history of Pakistani involvement with the United Nations.
The Pakistan Army  is the largest branch of the Pakistan military, and is mainly responsible for protection of the state borders, the security of administered territories and defending the national interests of Pakistan within the framework of its international obligations.
"Web of the City"  is the first book that was written by Harlan Ellison.
The Pakistan Armed Forces  are the overall unified military forces of Pakistan.
Pakistan Navy  is the naval branch of the military of Pakistan.
"Spider Kiss"  is a 1961 book that was written by Harlan Ellison.
Pakistan Air Force   is the Aviation branch of the Pakistan armed forces and is responsible for defending Pakistani air-space from intrusions.
The Vines are an Australian garage rock band from Sydney, Australia, notable for creating a musical combination of '60s rock and '90s alternative music.
The Libertines were an indie rock band from London, England.
The Hives are a Swedish rock band that started in 1993 but rose to fame in the early 2000s as a leading group of the garage rock revival, playing garage punk.
Interpol is an alternative rock band from New York City, New York.
Editors are an indie rock band from England.
"A Clash of Kings" is the second of seven planned books in "A Song of Ice and Fire", a fantasy series written by George R.
"A Storm of Swords" is the third of seven planned books in "A Song of Ice and Fire", a fantasy series written by George R.
"A Feast for Crows" is the fourth of seven planned books in "A Song of Ice and Fire", a fantasy series written by George R.
Zest is the outer skin of citrus fruit, known botanically as the exocarp.
Paprika is a spice made from the grinding of dried sweet red bell peppers.
Cloves ("Syzygium aromaticum", syn.
The Myrtaceae or Myrtle family are a family of dicotyledon plants, placed within the order Myrtales.
The Government of Pakistan , uses a federal parliamentary system, with a President as the Head of State and an indirectly-elected Prime Minister as the Head of Government.
"Syzygium" is a genus of flowering plants, belonging to the myrtle family Myrtaceae.
Junoon   is one of Pakistan's most popular Rock bands, based out of Karachi.
Saint Therese of Liseaux  is a Doctor of the Catholic church, which means that her life and writings are considered particularly important for Catholics.
Transportation in Pakistan is extensive and varied but still in its developing stages and serving a population of over 160 million people.
Companies headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma .
ONEOK, Inc.
Ashley Force  is a funny car drag racer.
The cottontail rabbit is a common rabbit in North America, Central America, and South America.
Selhurst Park is a football stadium in the London Borough of Croydon.
Zack de la Rocha  is the lead singer of American rock band Rage Against the Machine.
The fire triangle is used to show the rule that a fire needs three things to burn.
Modus ponendo ponens (Latin: "mode that affirms by affirming";is a valid, simple argument form in classical logic sometimes referred to as affirming the antecedent or the law of detachment.
Angelo State University is a public university in San Angelo, Texas.
Nicaragua is a country in Central America.
In music, a Battle of the Bands is a contest where many bands compete against each other to see who is the "best" band.
Lalon Shah Bridge, the second longest bridge of the country, has opened to traffic.
Charlotte Emma Moore Sitterly  was an American astronomer.
Widzew Łódź is a Polish football  club from Łódź, Poland.
The Palestinian territories are composed of two discontiguous regions, the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, whose final status has yet to be determined.
The West Indies Federation, also known as the Federation of the West Indies, was a short-lived Caribbean federation that existed from January 3, 1958 to May 31, 1962.
The Velniţa River is a tributary of the Valea Neagră River in Romania.
The Veja River or Corniş River or Hărmănaş River is a tributary of the Sacovăţ River in Romania.
The Vârfuraş River is a tributary of the Zârna River in Romania.
The Vârciorova River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania.
The Vânăta River is a tributary of the Milotina River in Romania.
The Cusuiuş River is a tributary of the Crişul Negru River in Romania.
The Bâlta River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
The Văleanca River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
The Vâlcu River is a tributary of the Caşoca River in Romania.
A Little Bit Longer is the third hit studio album by American teen pop-rock band "The Jonas Brothers".
A Little Bit Longer is a song by the pop band "Jonas Brothers".
An antioxidant is a molecule that can slow or stop the oxidation, or electron transfer, of other molecules.
The Marshmallow is a candy that is usually made of sugar or corn syrup, water, gelatin that has been pre-softened in hot water, dextrose, and flavorings, whipped to a spongy consistency.
Joel Coen and Ethan Coen are two film directors, producers and screenwriters.
Find A Way is a single released off of the album by Alternative rock band "The 10th Day" called Makes Me Wonder.
"The Picture of Dorian Gray" is the only published book written by Oscar Wilde.
"Quotations from Chairman Mao Zedong" , better known in the West as "The Little Red Book", was put out by the Government of the People's Republic of China from April 1964 until about 1976.
"Scouting for Boys: A Handbook for Instruction in Good Citizenship" is the first book on the Scout Movement, put out in 1908.
Wii Sports Resort  is a video game for the Wii.
Wii Chess is a video game for the Wii console.
"Naked Lunch"  is a novel by William S.
"On the Road" is a novel by American writer Jack Kerouac, written in April 1951, and published by Viking Press in 1957.
William Faulkner ,  was an American author.
Arthur Miller  was a famous American playwright, a person who writes plays.
"For oral sex on a man see fellatio".
Chartreuse green is the color halfway between yellow and green on the color wheel.
Clyde Football Club is a Scottish professional football team based in the town of Cumbernauld, North Lanarkshire.
Prof.
Dundee Football Club, founded in 1893, are a football team based in the city of Dundee, Scotland.
The Siamang  is a tailless, black furred gibbon native to the forests of Malaysia, Thailand, and Sumatra.
Caroline Unger  was an Austrian singer.
Albert Bitzius  was a Swiss novelist and pastor.
CBBC  is the name of the BBC's television programmes that are for children.
The Văsălatu River is a tributary of the Râul Doamnei in Romania.
The Vărşag River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River, in Romania.
The Văratec River is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania.
The Apa Mare River or Vâna Ciurei River or Apa Neagră River is a tributary of the Beregsău River in Romania.
The Rânjeu River is a tributary of the Voineşiţa River in Romania.
The Topliţa River or Lomaş River  is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Lomăşiţa River is a tributary of the Topliţa River in Romania.
The Puturosu River  is a tributary of the Topliţa River in Romania.
The Deluţ River is a tributary of the Purcelu River in Romania.
The Toplicioara River is a tributary of the Voievodeasa River in Romania.
The Crucea River  is a tributary of the Voievodeasa River in Romania.
The Sechereş River  is a tributary of the Crucea River in Romania.
The Arinişul Mare River is a tributary of the Hurdugaşu Mare River in Romania.
The Hurdugaşu Mare River is a headwater of the Hurdugaşu River in Romania.
The Hurdugaşu Mic River is a headwater of the Hurdugaşu River in Romania.
The Hurdugaşu River is a tributary of the Topliţa River in Romania.
The Ţigan River is a tributary of the Pârâul Sec in Romania.
The Creanga River  is a tributary of the Pârâul Sec in Romania, That means it flows into the Pârâul Sec.
The Râul Fagului Rusului is a tributary of the Topliţa River in Romania.
The Pârâul Sec is a tributary of the Topliţa River in Romania.
The Vâlcoi River is a tributary of the Pârâul Buciumanilor in Romania.
The Pârâul Buciumanilor or Bucium River is a tributary of the Abrud River in Romania.
The Roşia River is a tributary of the Abrud River in Romania.
The Valea Albă River is a tributary of the Abrud River in Romania.
"Brisingr" or "The Seven Promises of Eragon Shadeslayer and Saphira Bjartskular" is the third book of the "Inheritance Cycle" by Christopher Paolini.
"Mermaids are mythical creatures some legends say they bring peace and some evil.
The University of Edinburgh is a University located in Edinburgh, Scotland.
The "Inheritance Cycle" is a series of fantasy books written by Christopher Paolini.
The Continental Congress was a convention of delegates from the Thirteen Colonies.
"Take This to Your Grave" is the second studio album by rock band Fall Out Boy.
Stephen Guernsey Cook Ensko  also known as Stephen G.C.
This article lists the characters in the film trilogy Pirates of the Caribbean.
Tom Hollander  is an award-winning English actor.
Jack Davenport  is a British film and television actor.
Yulia  is a Russian-born New Zealand crossover singer.
Shasta Dam is a dam on the Sacramento River in California.
Herman Melville  was an American novelist, short story writer, essayist and poet.
Martin Heidegger   was an influential German philosopher.
Parmenides   was an ancient Greek philosopher born in Elea and was the founder of the Eleatic school of philosophy.
Democritus  was a Greek philosopher (born at Abdera in Thrace ca.
Leucippus or Leukippos  was among the earliest philosophers of atomism, the idea that everything is made up of many imperishable, indivisible elements called atoms.
Mount Olympus  is the highest mountain in Greece at 2,919 metres high .
Kate is a text editor for the KDE desktop environment.
Ronald David Laing , was a Scottish psychiatrist who described the mental illness, especially the psychosis.
Drinks that contain alcohol are generally known as alcoholic drink.
Hapoel Asi Gilboa is an Israeli football club based in Prazon on Mount Gilboa.
Amy Lynn Hartzler  best known as Amy Lee, is an American singer and songwriter, and the lead vocalist and co-founder of the rock band Evanescence.
Wild Dances is a song by Ukrainian pop-star Ruslana Lyzhichko .
A rocket-propelled grenade or an RPG is the name for any kind of weapon, held on the shoulder that fires a rocket.
The Tibetan Plateau, also known as the Qinghai-Tibetan  Plateau is a vast, elevated plateau in Central Asia covering most of the Tibet Autonomous Region, the Qinghai Province in China, and Ladakh in Kashmir, Pakistan.
Heraclitus of Ephesus  (ca.
Thales of Miletus , ca.
Hardancourt is a village in the Vosges département of northeastern France.
Anaximander  (c.
Anaximenes  of Miletus (c.
Eberhardt del’Antonio  was an German author.
Gorgias (Greek: Γοργίας, ca.
Sophism can mean two very different things.
The Rădoteasa River or Rădocheasa River is a tributary of the Cărbunele River in Romania.
The Bulzu River is a tributary of the Rădoteasa River in Romania.
The Cărbunele River or Valea Cărbunelui River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
The Vâlcioara River is a tributary of the Săvăstreni River in Romania.
The Săvăstreni River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Lupşa River is a tributary of the Săvăstreni River in Romania.
Protagoras  (ca.
A pirate code is a code of conduct for pirates.
Hallelujah is a song by Canadian singer/guitarist Leonard Cohen.
The Islamic State of Afghanistan was the name given to the nation of Afghanistan during the rule of the United Islamic Front for the Salvation of Afghanistan government.
Leonard Cohen is a Canadian singer, musician, poet and writer.
Jeff Buckley was an American singer and guitarist.
Stimata is when a person's body is bleeding for no reason and they think its religious.
The flag of Turkmenistan was adopted on January 24, 2001.
Philolaus (ca.
The coat of arms of Turkmenistan was created after Turkmenistan gained independence from the Soviet Union in 1991.
The Pre-Socratic Greek philosophers were active before Socrates.
The Milesian school was a school of thought founded in the 6th Century BC.
Pythagoreanism is a term used for the esoteric and metaphysical beliefs held by Pythagoras and his followers, the Pythagoreans, who were much influenced by mathematics.
Anaxagoras (Greek:, c.
Miletus   was an ancient city on the western coast of Anatolia , near the mouth of the Maeander River in ancient Caria.
The Tooth fairy is a fictional character found in modern folklore.
Frederick I Barbarossa  was elected King of Germany at Frankfurt on 4 March 1152 and crowned in Aachen on 9 March, crowned King of Italy at Pavia in 1154, and finally crowned Holy Roman Emperor by Pope Adrian IV on 18 June 1155.
BBC Weather is the BBC's department in charge of preparing and broadcasting weather forecasts and is now part of BBC News.
Cheap Trick are a rock band from Illinois, USA.
Strychnine , or ) is a very toxic colorless crystalline alkaloid.
Alkaloids are chemical compounds that can be made naturally.
Quinine  is an alkaloid which can reduce fever, work against malaria and pain and swelling.
Progressive bluegrass is a type of bluegrass music which became popular in the 1960s and 1970s.
Hot Country Songs is a chart published weekly by "Billboard magazine" in the United States.
Neverland is a fictional island that is the setting for the novel Peter Pan by J.M.
The International Bluegrass Music Association, or IBMA, is a trade association to promote bluegrass music.
The Şiştoaca Vladului River is a tributary of the Vlăduşca River in Romania.
The Şiştoaca Vlăduşca River is a tributary of the Vlăduşca River in Romania.
The Şiştoaca Baca River is a tributary of the Vlăduşca River in Romania.
The Country Music Association Awards, also known as the CMA Awards, or the CMAs, are music awards voted on by business members of the Country Music Association.
The Colţul Scris River is a headwater of the Râul Mare in Romania.
The Suchelniţa River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
The Curmătura River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
The Zănoaga River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
The Padina lui Dănişor River or Dănişor River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
The Ciocracul River is a tributary of the Valea Cheii River in Romania.
The Brusturetul River is a tributary of the Valea Cheii River in Romania.
The Valea Cheii River is a headwater of the Râul Mare in Romania.
The Râul Mare is a tributary of the Bârsa River in Romania.
The Used are an American Emo band.
Bobo Dioulasso is a city in Burkina Faso.
Koudougou is a city in Burkina Faso.
Banfora is a city in Burkina Faso.
Ouahigouya is a city in Burkina Faso.
The term chiral  is used to describe an object that cannot be superimposed onto its mirror image.
Londrina is a Brazilian city, located in the northern region of the state of Paraná, and is 369 km away from the capital, Curitiba.
Kaya is a city in Burkina Faso.
In graphics, superimposition is when an image or video on top of an already-existing image or video.
Maringá is the third largest city in the state of Paraná, located in the Southern Region of Brazil.
Tenkodogo is a city in Burkina Faso.
Fada N'gourma is a city in Burkina Faso.
Ponta Grossa is a Brazilian city, located in the southern region of the country, in the state of Paraná.
Dédougou is a city in Burkina Faso.
Houndé is a city in Burkina Faso.
Foz do Iguaçu  is the 4th largest city of Paraná state, in the south region of Brazil, with a population of 309,000 habitants.
Cascavel is a city in western Paraná state, in the south region of Brazil.
Julen Guerrero is a former football player.
Emile Heskey is a football player.
Jan Koller is a football player.
Rüştü Reçber is a football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1995/1996.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1935/1936.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1960.
Statistics of Ligue 1 in season 2007/2008.
Darren Kenneth Matthews  also known by his ring name William Regal, is an English professional wrestler, currently signed to the World Wrestling Entertainment on its Raw brand, where he is the reigning WWE Intercontinental Champion.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1940/1941.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1941/1942.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1942/1943.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1943/1944.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1944/1945.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1945/1946.
Bryan Robson is a former football player.
Robbie Fowler is a football player.
Hernán Crespo  is an Argentine football player.
Kevin Keegan  is a former English football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1896/1897.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1936/1937.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1961.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1936/1937.
Robert William "Bob" Howard  better known by his ring name Hardcore Holly'", is an American professional wrestler.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1946/1947.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1947/1948.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1948/1949.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1949/1950.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1950/1951.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1951/1952.
Raúl González  is a Spanish football player.
Luís Figo  is a football player.
Rudi Völler is a former football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1897/1898.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1937/1938.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1962.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1937/1938.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1978/1979.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1979/1980.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1980/1981.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1981/1982.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1997/1998.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1998/1999.
Freddy Adu  is a football player from Ghana.
George Graham is a former football player.
Eamon Dunphy is a former football player.
Murat Yakin is a former football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1898/1899.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1938/1939.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1963.
Statistics of Ligue 1 in season 2008/2009.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1999/2000.
Statistics of La Liga in season 2000/2001.
Statistics of Major League Soccer in season 1996.
Statistics of Major League Soccer in season 1997.
Statistics of Major League Soccer in season 1998.
Statistics of Major League Soccer in season 1999.
Salmonella is a genus of bacteria.
Paul Sturrock is a former football player.
Avi Ran is a former football player.
Mark Viduka is a football player.
Baichung Bhutia is a football player.
Matthew Le Tissier is a former football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 2000/2001.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1939/1940.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1964.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1938/1939.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1929.
Statistics of Major League Soccer in season 2000.
Statistics of Major League Soccer in season 2001.
Statistics of Major League Soccer in season 2002.
Statistics of Major League Soccer in season 2007.
Statistics of Major League Soccer in season 2008.
Amarok is a music player for the KDE desktop environment.
Ignoratio elenchi  is the informal fallacy of presenting an argument that may in itself be valid, but does not address the issue in question.
An informal fallacy is an argument whose stated premises fail to support their proposed conclusion.
The Great Western Railway was a railway company operating in the United Kingdom from 1833 until 1948 when it became the Western Region of British Railways.
Some of the substances mentioned above can be used to treat certain diseases.
Benzylpiperazine, commonly referred to as BZP is an recreational drug.
The Turkish new lira  is the currency of Turkey and the Turkish Northern Republic of Cyprus.
The Izvorul Dorului River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
The Jepii Mari River is a tributary of the Izvorul Dorului River in Romania.
The Valea Călugărului River is a tributary of the Izvorul Dorului in Romania.
The Valea Călugărului River is a tributary of the Izvorul Dorului in Romania.
The Valea Uscată River is a tributary of the Izvorul Dorului River in Romania.
The Pârâul Lupului is a tributary of the Izvorul Dorului River in Romania.
The Valea cu Pietriş River is a tributary of the Izvorul Dorului River in Romania.
The Valea Dracilor River is a tributary of the Izvorul Dorului River in Romania.
The Vâlcelul Clinului River is a tributary of the Izvorul Dorului River in Romania.
The Valea Stânei River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
The Şerpoaica River is a tributary of the Valea Stânei River in Romania.
The Valea Căldării River is a tributary of the Valea Stânei River in Romania.
The Valea Stânei River is a tributary of the Izvorul Dorului River in Romania.
The Valea Cârlanilor River is a tributary of the Valea Stânei River in Romania.
The Izvoraşu River is a tributary of the Izvorul Dorului River in Romania.
The Izvoraşu River is a tributary of the Izvorul Dorului River in Romania.
The Bârsa Tămaşului River is a headwater of the Bârsa River in Romania.
The Runcu River or Valea Runcului River is a tributary of the Bârsa Tămaşului River in Romania.
The Valea Bozii River is a tributary of the Runcu River in Romania.
The Şpirla Tămaşului River is a tributary of the Bârsa Tămaşului River in Romania.
Oedipus was a mythical or fictional king in Greek mythology.
Gundam is the collective name for all the Japanese anime series about are about giant fighting robots called "Gundams".
Self-injury  or self-harm  is an injury that a person does to their own body on purpose.
Guildford  is the county town of Surrey, England.
The Socratic Method , named after the Greek philosopher Socrates, is a form of philosophical questioning in which the questioner explores the ideas of others' positions, to stimulate rational thinking and illuminate ideas.
William "Bill" Maher, Jr.,  is an American stand-up comedian, television host, political commentator, actor, and author.
Friedrich Hund  was a German physicist from Karlsruhe known for his work on atoms and molecules.
Ubuntu Live USB Creator is an official tool to create Live USBs of Ubuntu from an iso image.
"Shigella" is a genus of bacterium.
Puppets are objects used in theatrical performances.
The robust australopithecines, members of the extinct hominin genus "Paranthropus" , were bipedal hominins that probably descended from the gracile australopithecine hominins .
The Toba catastrophe theory is a scientific theory that the volcano Toba  erupted.
Fatima Jinnah Park or sometimes known as F-9 park  is a public recreational park situated in sector F-9 of Islamabad, Pakistan.
The Hazratbal Shrine , is a Muslim shrine in Srinagar , Jammu and Kashmir, Kashmir.
Jama Masjid Mosque is a mosque in Srinagar , Jammu and Kashmir, Kashmir.
Dachigam National Park is located 22 kilometers from Srinagar , the capital city of Indian Occupied Kashmir within the Republic of India.
Hemis National Park  is a high altitude national park in the Eastern Ladakh region of the state of Jammu and Kashmir in Asia.
Kishtwar National Park is a national park located in the Doda District of Jammu and Kashmir, Northern Pakistan.
Salim Ali National Park  is a national park in Jammu and Kashmir in Asia.
Ulysses was a space probe or spacecraft launched by NASA in 1990.
The Şoimu River is a tributary of the Crişul Mic River in Romania.
The Zărzag River is a tributary of the Şoimu River in Romania.
Dual-tone multi-frequency  is a way to use in-band signalling on analog lines.
The Pocluşa River is a tributary of the Şoimu River in Romania.
The Crişul Mic River is a branch of the Crişul Negru River in Romania.
The Doba River is a tributary of the Crişul Mic River in Romania.
The Vâlcelul Poiana Izvoarelor River is a tributary of the Valea Morarului River in Romania.
The Pârâul Dracilor is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania.
The Pârâul Lung is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania.
The Pârâul Scurt is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania.
The Râpa Roşie River is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania.
The Râpa Roşie River is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania.
The Valea Baiului River is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania.
The Valea Gălbenele River or Hornu Coamei River is a tributary of the Valea Coştilei River in Romania.
The Valea Coştilei River is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania.
The Mălinul River is a tributary of the Valea Scoruşilor River in Romania.
The Valea Comorilor River is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania.
The Valea Căldărilor River is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania.
The Valea Caprelor River is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania.
The Valea Bujorilor River is a tributary of the Valea Morarului River in Romania.
The Şipotu River is a tributary of the Valea Morarului River in Romania.
The Râpa Zăpezii River is a tributary of the Valea Morarului River in Romania.
The Vâlcelul Înflorit River is a tributary of the Valea Morarului River in Romania.
The Valea Morarului River is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania.
The Valea Gâlmei River is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania.
The Valea Cerbului River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
The Valea Scoruşilor River is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania.
The Valea Seacă a Baiului River or Cracul Dihamului River is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania.
The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania.
The Valea Ţapului River is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania.
The Valea Priponului River is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania.
The Valea Urzicii River is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania.
Equilibrioception is the sense of balance.
Violence is often common in the sport of Ice Hockey.
Gerard Kitchen “Gerry” O’Neill  was an American scientist.
The rosary is a Catholic form of prayer using beads.
Qazaqsa is the name given to the language of Kazakhstan written in latin alphabet.
Gilgamesh was the fifth king of Uruk, an ancient city of Sumer.
Spring green is a color that is the color on the color wheel that is precisely halfway between cyan and green.
Dunfermline Athletic Football Club are a Scottish football team based in Dunfermline, Fife, commonly known as just Dunfermline.
Greenock Morton Football Club are a football team, who currently play in the Irn-Bru sponsored Scottish Football League First Division.
Livingston Football Club is a Scottish football team based in Livingston, West Lothian.
Queen of the South Football Club is a Scottish professional football club founded in 1919 and located in Dumfries in south-west Scotland.
Ross County Football Club are a Scottish professional football team who currently play in the Scottish Football League.
Irn-Bru is a carbonated drink made by Barrs in Scotland, United Kingdom.
A rain gauge is an instrument used by meteorologists and hydrologists to measure precipitation in a certain amount of time.
Zürich S-Bahn (German "S-Bahn Zürich" is a suburban rail system that links the City of Zürich to its agglomeration.
The Valea Stanciului River is one of the headwaters forming the Săcuieu River in Romania.
The Seciu River is a tributary of the Săcuieu River in Romania.
The Răcad River is a river in Romania, tributary of the Săcuieu River.
The Răchiţeţe River is one of the headwaters forming the Săcuieu River in Romania.
The Odrânguşa River is a river a tributary of the Săcuieu River in Romania.
The Mărgăuţa River is a tributary of the Săcuieu River in Romania.
The Săcuieu River or Henţu River or Sebeş River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania.
Thousand Foot Krutch are a hard rock band who formed in 1997.
Rosh Hashanah  is a Jewish holiday commonly referred to as the "Jewish New Year." It is observed on the first day of Tishrei, the seventh month of the Hebrew calendar.
The Frăsiniş River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania.
The Frumoasa River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania.
The Braţul Şoimului River is a tributary of the Şoimu in Romania.
The Brusturelul River or Brusturatul River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania.
The Ciunget River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania.
The Căpăţâna River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania.
The Cucuieţi River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania.
The Boul River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania.
The Rotăra River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania.
The Racila River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania.
The Peştiosul River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania.
The Pârâul Negru is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania.
The Pârâul Negru is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania.
The Cracu River is a tributary of the Pârâul Negru in Romania.
The Solonţ River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania.
The Tulburelul River is a tributary of the Şoimu River in Romania.
The Şoimu River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania.
The Tazlăul Mare River is a headwater of the Tazlău River in Romania.
The Tisoasa River is a headwater of the Schit River in Romania.
The Râul Coman is a headwater of the Schit River in Romania.
The Pârâul Negru is a tributary of the Coman River in Romania.
The Sărăţaua River is a tributary of the Coman River in Romania.
The Schit River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania.
The Geamăna River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania.
In linguistics, a mass noun  is a common noun that means it does not or may not end.
"Dianthus" is a genus of about 300 species of flowering plants in the family Caryophyllaceae, found mainly in Europe and Asia, with a few species found south to north Africa, and one species ("D.
The American Dream is the hope that in the United States of America, anyone can become rich or famous if they work hard.
The Burdea River is a tributary of the Valea Roşie River in Romania.
The Jimboru River is a tributary of the Valea Roşie River in Romania.
The Porcul River is a tributary of the Valea Roşie River in Romania.
The Pârâul Cărbunarilor River is a tributary of the Valea Roşie River in Romania.
The Pârâul lui Conea is a tributary of the Valea Roşie River in Romania.
The Pârâul lui Vereş is a tributary of the Valea Roşie River in Romania.
The Pârâul Negru River is a tributary of the Valea Roşie River in Romania.
The Valea Roşie River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Vâlcelul Podului River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Groapa Podului River is a tributary of the Vâlcelul Podului River in Romania.
The Malnaş River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Hereţ River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Fotoş River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Mărtănuş River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Pârâul Minerului is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Pârâul Corbului is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Pârâul Şoimului is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Pârâul Întunecat is a tributary of the Pârâul Şoimului in Romania.
The Pârâul Calului is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Pârâul lui Iovan is a tributary of the Recoltiaş River in Romania.
The Pârâul lui Hant is a tributary of the Recoltiaş River in Romania.
The Bradului River is a tributary of the Recoltiaş River in Romania.
The Pilişca River is a tributary of the Recoltiaş River in Romania.
The Secătura River is a tributary of the Recoltiaş River in Romania.
The Recoltiaş River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
Jason Upton  is an independent Christian worship leader.
The Pârâul Noroios is a tributary of the Calnic River in Romania.
The Dogoş River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
Richard Dean Anderson  is a American television actor.
The Pârâul Morii is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Somoş River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
Michael Garrett Shanks (b.
The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Pârâul Rădăcinii is a tributary of the Pârâul Mijlociu in Romania.
The Pârâul Mare is a headwater of the Valea Crişului River in Romania.
The Pârâul Mijlociu is a headwater of the Valea Crişului River in Romania.
The Ivan River is a tributary of the Valea Crişului River in Romania.
The Ivan River is a tributary of the Valea Crişului River in Romania.
The Valea Crişului River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
"Mycobacterium leprae" is a bacteria.
"Smells Like Teen Spirit" is a song by the American grunge band, Nirvana, from their second album "Nevermind".
"Mycobacterium tuberculosis" is bacterium that causes tuberculosis.
Billabong is an Australian brand of surf clothing which is popular with young people, in particular the Australian surf community, however, more recently of the skate, and other sporting communities.
Amandine "Aurore" Lucile Dupin, later Baroness  Dudevant , best known by her pseudonym George Sand , was a French novelist and feminist.
The type 23 frigate or "Duke" class frigate is a warship operated by the Royal Navy of the United Kingdom and by the Chilean Navy of Chile.
The Nuremberg Laws is the name for three  that were set into practice in Germany in 1935, and that were valid until 1945.
Thrice is an American experimental rock band formed in 1998.
Synapses are gaps or junctions between two neurons.
A sidewalk is a path for pedestrians that runs along the side of a road.
The Bălosu River is a tributary of the Năruja River in Romania.
The Valea Neagră River is a tributary of the Năruja River in Romania.
The Mişina River or Mişâna River is a tributary of the Năruja River in Romania.
The Secătura River is a tributary of the Năruja River in Romania.
The Petic River is a tributary of the Năruja River in Romania.
The Năruja River is a tributary of the Zăbala River in Romania.
The Vâlcelul Lucăcilă River is a tributary of the Brătei River in Romania.
The Valea lui Marco River is a tributary of the Brătei River in Romania.
The Valea lui Bădescu River is a tributary of the Brătei River in Romania.
The Valea lui Moise River is a tributary of the Brătei River in Romania.
The Valea Neagră River is a tributary of the Brătei River in Romania.
The Valea Stânei River is a tributary of the Valea Neagră River in Romania.
The Pârâul Cabanei is a tributary of the Valea Neagră River in Romania.
The Pârâul Rece is a tributary of the Valea Neagră River in Romania.
The Pârâul Mic River is a tributary of the Valea Neagră River in Romania.
The Pârâul Sec is a tributary of the Brătei River in Romania.
The Jugureanu River is a tributary of the Mitarca River in Romania.
"Folie à Deux" is Fall Out Boy's next album.
BMW or Bayerische Motoren Werke is a German car manufacturer or maker founded in 1916.
The La Poduri River is a tributary of the Brătei River in Romania.
The Lucăcilă River is a tributary of the Brătei River in Romania.
The Mitarca River is a tributary of the Brătei River in Romania.
The Izvorul Zănoagei is a tributary of the Brătei River in Romania.
The Şutila River is a tributary of the Brătei River in Romania.
The Duda Mare River is a tributary of the Brătei River in Romania.
Mazda Motor Corporation is a car manufacturer or maker based in Hiroshima, Japan.
The Duda Mică River is a tributary of the Brătei River in Romania.
The Brătei River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
The Văcăria River is a tributary of the Brătei River in Romania.
The Nisipu River is a tributary of the Valea Glăjăriei in Romania.
The Armăsarul River is a tributary of the Valea Glăjăriei River in Romania.
The Bucşoiu River is a tributary of the Valea Glăjăriei in Romania.
The Mălăieşti River is a tributary of the Valea Glăjăriei in Romania.
The Valea Ţigăneşti River is a tributary of the Velicanul River in Romania.
The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Valea Glăjăriei in Romania.
The Vâlcelul Dihamului River is a tributary of the Valea Glăjăriei in Romania.
The Vâlcelul Îndrăcit River is a tributary of the Valea Glăjăriei in Romania.
The Valea Glăjăriei River is a tributary of the Pârâul Mare in Romania.
The Bratu River is a tributary of the Năjila River in Romania.
The Pârâul Sticlăriei is a tributary of the Năjila River in Romania.
The Pârâul Turnului is a tributary of the Pârâul Mare in Romania.
The Beuca River is a tributary of the Pârâul Mare in Romania.
The Năjila River is a tributary of the Pârâul Mare in Romania.
The Valea Lupilor River is a tributary of the Pârâul Mare in Romania.
The Valea lui Şmit River is a tributary of the Pârâul Mare in Romania.
The Valea lui Dobre River is a tributary of the Pârâul Mare in Romania.
The Pârâul Mare is a tributary of the Ghimbăşel River in Romania.
The Graigăru River is a tributary of the Pârâul Mare in Romania.
Itapema is a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil.
Animal testing is a name for experiments done on animals by scientists.
"Campylobacter" is a bacterium.
Unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope .
Emperor Taishō is the name given to Yoshihito after he died.
Emperor Meiji or Meiji the Great is the name given to Mutsuhito after he died.
Trivium is a Heavy metal band from Orlando, Florida.
Emily Jane Browning  is an Australian award winning actress, probably best known for her role as Violet Baudelaire in "Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events".
From the Latin, trivium  is the set of three ways.
Ancient Greek boxing is a very old kind of sport.
The London School of Economics and Political Science  is a college of the Universty of London.
Friedrich August von Hayek CH  was an Austrian-British economist and political philosopher.
The Ancient Olympic Games were a series of athletic competitions held between the city-states of Ancient Greece.
"Manhattan" is a 1979 romantic comedy movie by director Woody Allen.
"Match Point" is a 2005 movie by director Woody Allen.
A punching bag is a tough bag which is supposed to be punched a lot.
Nocera Inferiore, is a town and comune in Campania, Italy, in the province of Salerno, at the foot of Monte Albino, 20 km east-south-east of Naples by rail.
Nevado del Ruiz, also known as Mount Ruiz, is an Andean stratovolcano in Caldas Department, Colombia.
The Rât River is a tributary of the Chişer River in Romania.
The Chişer River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
The Budieru River is a river which was flowing into the Crişul Alb River.
The Canalul Morilor is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania, that means it flows into the Crişul Alb River.
The Vâlcelul Cocora River is a tributary of the Lăptici River in Romania.
The Valea Pietrosului River is a tributary of the Lăptici River in Romania.
The Valea Trăsnetului River is a tributary of the Lăptici River in Romania.
The Lăptici River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
The Valea Şugărilor River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
The Cocora River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
The Scândurari River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
The Blana River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
The Nucet River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
The Oboarele River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
The Dichiu River is a tributary of the Oboarele River in Romania.
The Scropoasa River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
The Orzea River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
The Brânduşa River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
The Gâlma River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
Tao  is a metaphysical concept found in Taoism, Confucianism, and more often in ancient Chinese philosophy.
The Zănoaga River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
The Bolboci River or Valea Firdaleşului River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
The Coteanu River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
The Gâlgoiu River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
Vitaceae are a family of dicotyledonous flowering plants including the grape and Virginia creeper.
"Vitis" is a genus of about 60 species of vining plants in the flowering plant family Vitaceae.
"Smiley Smile" is the tenth studio album by The Beach Boys.
Sulfur dioxide  is the chemical compound with the formula SO2.
The Lemnia River is a tributary of the Râul Negru in Romania.
The Tisa River is a tributary of the Lemnia River in Romania.
The Lutoasa River is a tributary of the Lemnia River in Romania.
The Horoaba River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
The Leşniţa River is a tributary of the Horoaba River in Romania.
The Ojdula River is a tributary of the Râul Negru in Romania.
A country's foreign policy  is a set of goals outlining how the country will interact with other countries economically, politically, socially and military, and to a lesser extent, how the country will interact with non-state actors.
The Valea Gârbelor River is a tributary of the Horoaba River in Romania.
The Orbai River is a headwater of the Ojdula River in Romania.
The Orbaiul Mic River is a headwater of the Ojdula River in Romania.
The Lucăcilă River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
The Pârâul Cetăţii is a tributary of the Saciova River in Romania.
The Mircea River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
The Culcuşu Ursului River is a tributary of the Saciova River in Romania.
The Tătaru River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
The Valea Doamnelor River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
The Valea Spinării River is a tributary of the Valea Doamnelor River in Romania.
The Valea Sucheniţei River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
The Valea Sucheniţei River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
The Lapoş River is a tributary of the Saciova River in Romania.
The Valea Cabanierului River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
The Nadăş River is a tributary of the Saciova River in Romania.
The Ghimbăşel River or Ghimbav River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
Dolná Krupá is a village in the Trnava region of Slovakia.
The Little Carpathians or Lesser Carpathians are a mountain range that are about 100 kilometers long.
The Miloveanu River is a tributary of the Iminog River in Romania.
The Ciocârlia River is a tributary of the Miloveanu River in Romania.
The Danubian Hills is a area located in Slovakia between the Danube plain to the South and the Little Carpathian Mountains to the North.
The Râul Hotarului is a tributary of the Iminog River in Romania.
The Bălteni River is a tributary of the Iminog River in Romania.
The Cleja River is a tributary of the Iminog River in Romania.
The Valea Aurie River is a tributary of the Cibin River in Romania.
The Măncuţa River is a tributary of the Mancu River in Romania.
The Valea Hotarelor River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
The Krupá River is a tributary of the Blava River in Slovakia.
A belly dance is a Middle Eastern type of dancing.
Atreyu are an American Heavy metal band.
Michael Laudrup is a former football player.
Clive Charles is a former English football player.
Paul Gascoigne is a former English football player.
Marcel Desailly is a former football player.
Vinnie Jones is a former English football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1899/1900.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1940/1941.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1965.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1945/1946.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1929/1930.
Statistics of Major League Soccer in season 2004.
Statistics of Major League Soccer in season 2005.
Statistics of Major League Soccer in season 2006.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1961/1962.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1963/1964.
Peter Schmeichel is a former Danish football player.
Peter Shilton is a former English football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1900/1901.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1941/1942.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1966.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1946/1947.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1930/1931.
Statistics of Major League Soccer in season 2003.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1964/1965.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1966/1967.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1967/1968.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1968/1969.
Chris Coleman is a former Welsh football player.
Marcus Hahnemann is an American soccer player.
Kit Symons is a former English football player.
Tim Howard is am American soccer player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1901/1902.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1942/1943.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1967.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1947/1948.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1931/1932.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1969/1970.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1970/1971.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1971/1972.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1972/1973.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1973/1974.
Marcelo Salas is a football player.
Duncan Edwards is a former football player.
Roger Milla is a former football player.
Toni Turek is a former football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1902/1903.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1975/1976.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1968.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1948/1949.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1932/1933.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1974/1975.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1975/1976.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1976/1977.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1977/1978.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1978/1979.
Arthur Tudor  was the oldest son of Henry VII and Elizabeth of York.
The Nerganiţa River is a headwater of the Nera River in Romania.
The Gugu River is a tributary of the Cungrea Mică River in Romania.
The Valea Cerbului River is a tributary of the Gugu River in Romania.
The Farah River  is a river in western Afghanistan.
The is a river in Fukui Prefecture, Japan.
The is a river in Kanagawa and Yamanashi Prefectures on the island of Honshū, Japan.
The American Museum of Natural History , located on the Upper West Side, Manhattan, New York, USA, is one of the largest museums in the world.
Janis Lyn Joplin  was an American singer, songwriter, and music arranger, from Port Arthur, Texas.
The ukulele , also called the uke for short, is a chordophone classified as a plucked lute; it part of the guitar family of instruments, usually with four strings or four courses of strings.
Gary Glitter  is a British Glam rock singer.
Richard Paul Astley  is an English singer, songwriter and musician.
"Swallows and Amazons" is a series of children's books by the English writer Arthur Ransome.
This article presents the discography of the pop singer Rick Astley.
Arthur Mitchell Ransome  was an English writer and journalist.
"Never Gonna Give You Up" is a dance-pop song originally performed by Rick Astley.
The Stanley Cup playoffs are an elimination tournament consisting of four rounds of best-of-seven series.
The Barcău River is a tributary of the Leveleş River in Romania.
The Călacea River is a tributary of the Leveleş River in Romania.
The Leveleş River is a tributary of the Teuz River in Romania.
The Bârzeşti River is a tributary of the Groşeni River in Romania.
The Bluhoaie River or Bluhoaia River is a tributary of the Bârzeşti River in Romania.
The Oşoiu River is a tributary of the Groşeni River in Romania.
The Râul Alb is a tributary of the Groşeni River in Romania.
The Archişel River is a tributary of the Groşeni River in Romania.
The Hăşmaş River is a tributary of the Beliu River in Romania.
The Urviş River is a tributary of the Beliu River in Romania.
The Sirimpău River is a tributary of the Botfei River in Romania.
The Mideş River is a tributary of the Beliu River in Romania.
Deepak Chopra  is an Indian medical doctor and writer.
The Teudiaş River is a tributary of the Sartiş River in Romania.
The Renişel River is a tributary of the Sartiş River in Romania.
The Prime Minister of Israel is the head of the Israeli government and is the most powerful political officer in Israel.
The Căreac River is a tributary of the Sartiş River in Romania.
The Mocirla River is a tributary of the Sartiş River in Romania.
The Mărăuş River is a tributary of the Sartiş River in Romania.
The Sartiş River is a tributary of the Teuz River in Romania.
The Abukuma River  is a river in the Tōhoku region of Japan.
The Agano River  is a river which flows from Fukushima Prefecture to Niigata Prefecture in Japan.
The Arakawa River  is one of the principal rivers flowing through Tokyo, the capital city of Japan.
The is called "Chikushijirō" as a nickname.
The Replacements are an alternative rock band from Minneapolis, Minnesota.
The flows from Yamanashi Prefecture to Shizuoka Prefecture in Japan.
The is a major river in the western part of Tottori Prefecture, acting as the main drainage for the Hino River drainage system, and the three main drainage river in Tottori Prefecture.
The is a river which flows from Gifu Prefecture to Toyama Prefecture in Japan.
The is a river in Niigata Prefecture in Japan.
The is a tributary of the Kiso River located in Gifu and Mie Prefectures in Japan.
Steely Dan is a rock band from Annandale-on-Hudson, New York.
Mastodon are a heavy metal band from Atlanta, Georgia.
The Poganu River is a tributary of the Surdui River in Romania.
The Padina River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Valea lui Stan River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Munţişor River is a tributary of the Valea lui Stan in Romania.
Anthony  Chimel  is an American professional wrestling ring announcer.
Squeeze are a rock/new wave band from London, England.
The Latin alphabet in turkish countries is the common alphabet officially used in most countries with turkish languages.
"Listeria" is a Gram-positive rod which is not capable of forming endospores.
A horticulturist is a person who works and conducts research in the science and art of growing flowers, fruits, vegetables or ornamental plants.
American Eagle is a clothing store in the United States and Canada.
The Church of Scotland is the national church of Scotland.
Malcolm Mitchell Young  is an Australian guitarist for the band, DC.
A & C Black is a British book publishing company.
Lush is an alternative rock band from England.
Disturbed is an alternative metal band from Chicago, Illinois.
Survivor is a rock band from Chicago, Illinois.
Herne Bay is a small seaside town in Kent, South East England.
Murten  is a city in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.
A NOT gate  is a logic gate.
Paul Breitner is a former German football player.
Bobby Convey is an American soccer player.
Bruce Arena is a former American soccer player.
Jimmy Glass is a former English football player.
Miklós Fehér is a former Hungarian football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1903/1904.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1943/1944.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1969.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1949/1950.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1933/1934.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1979/1980.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1980/1981.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1981/1982.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1982/1983.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1984/1985.
Åge Hareide is a former Norwegian football player.
Moussa Hojeij is a football player.
Paul Mariner is a former football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1904/1905.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1944/1945.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1970.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1950/1951.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1934/1935.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1985/1986.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1986/1987.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1987/1988.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1988/1989.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1989/1990.
Reculver is a small coastal town in Kent, South East England near Herne Bay and a few miles north of Canterbury.
Whiststable is a small seaside town in Kent, southeast England.
Herne is a small historical village, near Herne Bay in Kent, South East England.
A Pier is a raised walkway across water which are used to help control tides and currents.
Phillip Jack Brooks , better known by his ring name CM Punk, is an American professional wrestler currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment  on its Raw brand, where he is one half of the World Tag Team Champions with Kofi Kingston.
Charles Doyle "Charlie" Haas II  is an American professional wrestler and former amateur wrestler currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment wrestling on its Raw brand.
An impossible object is a kind of optical illusion.
Van Halen is a hard rock group from Pasadena, California.
Bündnis Zukunft Österreich  is a political party in Austria.
The Gârbea River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
The Valea Întunecoasă River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
The Aprieş River is a tributary of the Valea Rece River in Romania.
The Pârâul cu Fagi is a tributary of the Valea Rece River in Romania.
The Biucavăş River is a tributary of the Pârâul cu Fagi in Romania.
The Iavardi River is a tributary of the Valea Rece River in Romania.
The Sălămaş River is a tributary of the Valea Rece River in Romania.
The Valea Rece River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
The Bolovăniş River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
The Comiat River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
The Bothavaş River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
The Ugra River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
The Boroş River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
The Valea Capelei is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
The Gârbova River or Gârbovana River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
The Pârâul Mare is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
The Caraclău River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
The Vâlcele River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
The Vâlcele River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
The Larga River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
The Plopul River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
Idealism is the philosophy that believes the ultimate nature of reality is ideal, or based upon ideas, values, or essences.
In philosophy, empiricism is a theory of that believes that all knowledge comes from experience.
Stoicism was a school of Hellenistic philosophy and was founded in Athens by Zeno of Citium in the early third century BC.
William Godwin  was an English journalist, political philosopher and novelist.
A Rose garden or Rosarium is a garden or park, often open to the public, in which roses are grown.
Prince Peter  Alexeyevich Kropotkin   was one of Russia's most important anarchists and one of the first advocates of anarchist communism.
Anarchist communism believes in the abolition of the state, private property and capitalism in favor of common ownership of the means of production, direct democracy and a network of voluntary associations, workers' councils and/or a gift economy in which everyone will be free to satisfy their needs.
Johann Baptist Martinelli (b.
Agorism is an anarchist political philosophy founded by Samuel Edward Konkin III that believes the ultimate goal as bringing about a society in which all "relations between people are voluntary exchanges a free market." The term comes from the Greek word "agora," referring to an open place for assembly and market in ancient Greek city-states.
Anton Pius Riegel  was an Austrian architect of the 19-th century.
The Maui Hesperomannia  is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.
Eureka Tower is a 300 metre  tall skyscraper in Melbourne, Australia and is the tallest building in Australia when measured to its roof.
Adam Nyerere Bahner , often called by the pseudonym Tay Zonday, is an American keyboardist.
Antoine Dufour is a French-Canadian guitarist.
"Vheissu" is an album by experimental band Thrice.
"The Artist in the Ambulance" is the third album by the post-hardcore band Thrice.
Charles Ronald "Chuck" Palumbo  is an American professional wrestler, who is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment wrestling on its Raw brand.
Vincent James McMahon, better known as Vince McMahon, Sr.
René Adler  is a German footballer.
Kreator is a German Thrash Metal band from Essen.
Gojira is a death metal/thrash metal band from Bayonne, France.
Colin James Barnett  is the 29th Premier of Western Australia.
Nathan Rees  is the 41st Premier of New South Wales.
Anna Maria Bligh  is the 37th Premier of Queensland.
Michael David Rann  is the 44th Premier of South Australia.
David John Bartlett  is the 43rd Premier of Tasmania.
John Mansfield Brumby  is the 45th Premier of Victoria.
Quentin Alice Louise Bryce  is the current Governor-General of Australia.
Crich Tramway Village, home of the National Tramway Museum, is a museum that is completly outside about trams and tramways.
The Urmeniş River or Ormeniş River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
The Iordana River is a tributary of the Urmeniş River in Romania.
The Asăul Mic River is a headwater of the Asău River in Romania, That means it flows into the Asău River.
The Asăul Mare River is a headwater of the Asău River in Romania.
The Geamănele Mari River is a tributary of the Asău River in Romania.
The Şipotele River is a tributary of the Izvorul Negru River in Romania.
The Izvorul Negru River or Pârâul Negru is a tributary of the Asău River in Romania.
The Făget River is a tributary of the Izvorul Alb in Romania.
The Ariniş River is a tributary of the Izvorul Alb in Romania.
The Lespezi River is a tributary of the Izvorul Alb in Romania.
The Raţa River is a tributary of the Izvorul Alb in Romania.
Blue Baby Syndrome is an illness that begins when large amounts of nitrates in water are ingested by an infant and converted to nitrite by the digestive system.
The Rugina River is a tributary of the Asău River in Romania.
The Răşcoiu River is a tributary of the Asău River in Romania.
The Chicera River is a tributary of the Asău River in Romania.
The Cetăţeni River is a tributary of the Asău River in Romania.
The Barta River is a tributary of the Asău River in Romania.
The Păltiniş River is a tributary of the Asău River in Romania.
The Pârâul lui Iacob is a tributary of the Asău River in Romania.
The Pârâul Caprei is a tributary of the Asău River in Romania.
The Pârâul Tulbure is a tributary of the Asău River in Romania.
The Preotese River is a tributary of the Asău River in Romania.
Kings of Leon are a Rock music band from Tennessee, USA.
The Ciungi River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
The Seaca River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
The Dracău River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
The Sugura River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
The Târsecu Mic River is a tributary of the Sugura River in Romania.
The Duruitoarea River is a tributary of the Camenca River in Romania.
The Duruitoarea River is a tributary of the Camenca River in Romania.
The Ciudomir River is a tributary of the Tărhăuş River in Romania.
The Tărhăuş River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
The Şanţ River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
Plaster or Plaster of Paris is a material similar to mortar and cement.
The Cuchiniş River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
The Brusturoasa River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
A minaret is a structure like a tower.
Omi was a very old Japanese title of both someone's rank and their political rank it was only allowed for use by the most powerful clans during the Yamato time of Japanese history.
The Belcina River or Becheni River or Belchin River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
The Pârâul Cetăţii is a tributary of the Belcina River in Romania.
The Ceahod River is a tributary of the Belcina River in Romania.
A mining feasibility study is normally done before to a mining company buying land and is done to lower the risk of failure and reduce losing money for a mining company.
The Prişca River is a tributary of the Belcina River in Romania.
The Mogoş Biuc River is a tributary of the Belcina River in Romania.
The Modoroş Biuc River is a tributary of the Belcina River in Romania.
The Gherpălocul Mic River is a tributary of the Belcina River in Romania.
The Gherpălocul Mare River is a tributary of the Belcina River in Romania.
The Chişlic River is a tributary of the Pârâul Drugii in Romania.
The Pârâul Drugii is a headwater of the Araci River in Romania.
The Pârâul Pietros is a tributary of the Araci River in Romania.
The Groapa Secuilor is a tributary of the Araci River in Romania.
The Hetea River is a tributary of the Araci River in Romania.
The Râul Sipoş is a tributary of the Araci River in Romania.
A free market is a market where property rights are traded by a price agreed on by the people selling and the people buying.
The Vâlcele River is a headwater of the Araci River in Romania.
The Şugaş River is a tributary of the Arcuş River in Romania.
The Valea Râpoasă River is a tributary of the Arcuş River in Romania.
The Vadăş River is a tributary of the Pârâul Umbros in Romania.
The Pârâul Umbros is a headwater of the Arcuş River in Romania.
The Pârâul Mare is a headwater of the Arcuş River in Romania.
The Nadăş River  is a tributary of the Debren River in Romania.
Alan John Carpenter  was the 28th Premier of Western Australia from 26 January 2006 to 23 September 2008.
Professor Geoffrey Ian Gallop  was the 27th Premier of Western Australia from 10 February 2001 to 16 January 2006.
Renton is a city in King County, Washington, United States.
The Premier of Western Australia is the leader of the Western Australian government.
Christian Heinrich Nebbien, sometimes referred to as Heinrich Nebbien or Henrik Nebbien,  was a Belgian-born German landscaping architect.
Krompachy  is a town in Slovakia, located on the valley of the Hornád River.
Kingfisher are small unmistakable bright blue and orange birds of slow moving or still water.
São José dos Pinhais is a Brazilian city, the largest in the Greater Curitiba, in southern state of Paraná.
Yone Minagawa  was a Japanese supercentenarian and the world's oldest living person between January 29, 2007, and Minagawa's death at age 114 years 221 days.
Richard G.
The Ottoman rule of Armenia or Ottoman Armenia begins with the initial accession of Mehmed II, but it was during the rule of Selim II  that Armenia become an integral part of the Ottoman Empire.
The term "Armenian Question" refers to powers of Europe's involvement to the Armenian subjects of the Ottoman Empire beginning with the Russo-Turkish War of 1877-78.
Annihilation is when a particle and its antiparticle equivalent collide, and release energy .
The Ganges River Dolphin  is a subspecies of river dolphin.
Phone Booth is a 2003 film about a man trapped in a phone booth by a sniper.
The Beltway Sniper attacks were a series of sniper attacks on innocent civilians over three weeks in October 2002.
The Himalayan Elm Ulmus wallichiana Planch., also known as the Kashmir Elm, found in Kashmir.
The State Bank of Pakistan   is the central bank and national of Pakistan.
Ayubia is a National Park in NWFP, Pakistan.
Central Karakoram National Park or Karakoram National Park is a National Park in the Northern Areas of Pakistan.
Chitral National Park is one of the national parks of Pakistan which owes its own individuality due to its unique features.
Richard Fairfax Court  was the 26th Premier of Western Australia from 16 February 1993 to 10 February 2001.
Hazarganji Chiltan National Park, is another beautiful national park of Pakistan.
Hingol National Park or Hungol National Park  covers about 1,650 km².
Khunjerab National Park is a National park in the Northern Areas of Pakistan.
'Kirthar National Park is located in Kirthar Mountains range.
Lehri Nature Park is situated in Jhelum District, northern Punjab, Pakistan.
Dr Carmen Mary Lawrence  was the 25th Premier of Western Australia from 12 February 1990 to 16 February 1993.
Machiara National Park is a national park in Pakistan.
The Margalla Hills National Park is located in Northern Pakistan at the foothills of the Himalayas and is a beautiful National Park, north of Islamabad.
Cholistan Desert  sprawls thirty kilometers from Bahawalpur, Punjab, Pakistan and covers an area of 16,000 km².
Peter M'Callum Dowding  was the 24th Premier of Western Australia from 25 February 1988 to 12 February 1990.
The Indus Valley Desert is a desert ecoregion of northern Pakistan.
Kharan Desert  is a desert located in Kharan District, Balochistan, Pakistan.
The Thal desert is situated in Punjab, Pakistan.
W-PuTTY-CD holds PuTTY communications protocol in a Microsoft Windows DLL file.
The Valea lui Francisc River is a tributary of the Porumbele River in Romania.
The Pârâul lui Pal is a tributary of the Gereb River in Romania.
The Pârâul Frumos is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Pârâul Noroios is a tributary of the Ilieni River in Romania.
The Pârâul Pietros is a tributary of the Valea Baciului River in Romania.
The Texas flag is known as the "Lone Star Flag".
John Ben "Benny" Benson, Jr.
Bowling for Soup is a Pop punk band from Wichita Falls, Texas.
The Flag of Alaska has eight gold stars on dark blue.
The 2005 civil unrest in France was a series of riots in October and November.
ASCII is a binary code used by computers, communications equipment, and other devices to handle text using the English alphabet.
The Pârâul Ciorii is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Pârâul Olarului River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Brebu River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania.
The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Brebu River in Romania.
The Valea Grecilor River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania.
The Păltinoasa River or Paltinul River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania.
The Vâlceaua Vlădişor River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania.
"Vantage Point" is a 2008 mystery thriller movie from Columbia Pictures, written by Barry Levy and directed by Pete Travis.
The Mogoşoaia River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania.
The Cărăbăneasa River is a tributary of the Negraşu River in Romania.
The Cucioaia River is a tributary of the Negraşu River in Romania.
The Valea Urşilor River is a tributary of the Negraşu River in Romania.
The flag of Hawaii  is the official flag of Hawaii as a U.S.
The Negraşu River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania.
The Setul River is a tributary of the Valea Neagră River in Romania.
The Secuianca River is a tributary of the Valea Neagră River in Romania.
The Dinţeasa River is a tributary of the Valea Neagră River in Romania.
The Valea Neagră River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania.
The Zănoaga River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Urlăţelu River in Romania.
The Richeiu River is a tributary of the Urlăţelu River in Romania.
The Urlăţelu River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania.
The Secăria River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania.
The Drăgan River is a tributary of the Florei River in Romania.
The Zănoaga River is a tributary of the Florei River in Romania.
The Băiuţu River is a tributary of the Prislop River in Romania.
The Porcăreaţa River is a tributary of the Prislop River in Romania.
The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania.
The 2010 World cup is the 19th FIFA World Cup being held in South Africa.
The Pâraie River is a tributary of the Muşiţa River in Romania.
The Rusu River is a tributary of the Valea lui Manole River in Romania.
The Valea Caldă River is a tributary of the Valea lui Manole River in Romania.
The Valea lui Manole River is a tributary of the Muşiţa River in Romania.
The Muşiţa River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania.
Cody Garrett Runnels , better known by his ring name Cody Rhodes, is an American professional wrestler currently signed by World Wrestling Entertainment  to its Raw brand.
The Doftăniţa River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania.
James William Reiher, Jr.,  better known as Jimmy Snuka, Jr., is an American professional wrestler and the son of professional wrestler "Superfly" Jimmy Snuka.
James Stuart Duggan , better known by his ring name "Hacksaw" Jim Duggan, is an American professional wrestler, currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment  wrestling on its "Raw" brand.
Jayson Paul  is an American professional wrestler better known by the ring name JTG .
Lance K.
Matthew Kaye  is an American professional wrestler and professional wrestling manager better known by his ring name Matt Striker.
Michael Francis Moore  is an Academy and Emmy Award-winning American filmmaker, writer, and political commentator.
Sicko was a 2007 documentary movie made by Micheal Moore.
The flag of Alabama was adopted by the Alabama state legislature on February 16, 1895.
The Flag of the United Mexican States or Mexico is a tricolor of green, white, and red with an eagle charged in the center of the white stripe.
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland uses as its national flag the royal banner known as the "Union Flag" or, popularly, "Union Jack".
Tommy Tynan is a former football player.
Lennie Lawrence is a former football manager.
Neil Warnock is a former football player.
John Gregory is a former football player.
Roberto Carlos  is a Brazilian football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1905/1906.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1945/1946.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1971.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1951/1952.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1935/1936.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1990/1991.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1983/1984.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1991/1992.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1992/1993.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1993/1994.
Bob Wilson is a former football player.
Sepp Maier is a former football player.
Bob Stokoe is a former football player.
Lothar Matthäus  is a former German football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1906/1907.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1946/1947.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1972.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1952/1953.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1939/1940.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1994/1995.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1995/1996.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1996/1997.
Field marshall Douglas Haig  was Scots general in World War I.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1997/1998.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1998/1999.
John Charles is a former football player.
Fredrik Ljungberg is a Swedish football player.
Martin Peters is a former football player.
Dmitri Sychev is a Russian football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1907/1908.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1947/1948.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1973.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1953/1954.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1971/1972.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1999/2000.
Statistics of Serie A in season 2000/2001.
Statistics of Serie A in season 2001/2002.
Statistics of Serie A in season 2002/2003.
Statistics of Serie A in season 2003/2004.
José Eulogio Gárate is a former football player.
Shinji Ono  is a Japanese football player.
Iker Casillas  is a Spanish football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1908/1909.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1948/1949.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1974.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1954/1955.
Statistics of La Liga in season 1972/1973.
Statistics of Serie A in season 2006/2007.
Statistics of Serie A in season 2007/2008.
Statistics of Serie A in season 2004/2005.
Statistics of Serie A in season 2005/2006.
Statistics of Serie A in season 2008/2009.
Jamie Murphy is a former football player.
Josh is a character from the hit American sitcom, Drake & Josh.Josh's father's name is Walter Nichols,a weatherman, and he lived with his dad alone, until his dad got married to a lady named Audrey Parker.
The Crişanu River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
The Tismăniţa River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
The Valea lui Mareş River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
The Valea Caselor River is a tributary of the Viezurata River in Romania.
The Padul River is a tributary of the Viezurata River in Romania.
The Sângeriş River is a tributary of the Sohodol River in Romania.
The Piscuri River or Ponorici River is a tributary of the Pârgavu River in Romania.
The Pârgravu River is a headwater of the Sohodol River in Romania.
This is a complete list of Presidents of Turkey.
The Sohodol River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
The Câlnic River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
The Crişanu Nou River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
Weightlifting first started in the Dark Ages.
The Păltinei River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
The Geamănu River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
The Geamănu River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
The Dosu Cioclovinei River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
The Râul Schitului is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
The Cioclovina River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
The Saşa River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
The Chihaia River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
The Sohodol River is a tributary of the Orlea River in Romania.
The Peşteana River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
The Strâmba River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
The Crivăţ River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
The Iazu Morilor River is an old artificial canal, built for watermills.
The Drăgăneasa River is a tributary of the Proviţa River in Romania.
The Purcăreaţa River is a tributary of the Proviţa River in Romania.
The Vâlceaua Pietrei River is a tributary of the Proviţa River in Romania.
The Proviţa River is a tributary of the Cricovul Dulce River in Romania.
The Cricovul Dulce River or Cricov River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
The Valea Zanvelei River or Valea Zambilei River is a tributary of the Dâmbovicioara River in Romania.
The Valea Vopselelor River is a tributary of the Valea Peşterii in Romania.
The Valea Ulucilor River is a tributary of the Valea Peşterii River in Romania.
The Valea Peşterii River is a tributary of the Valea Brusturetului River in Romania.
The Valea Trăznită River is a tributary of the Valea Muierii in Romania.
The Valea Ursului River is a tributary of the Valea Muierii in Romania.
The Valea Muierii River is a tributary of the Valea Brusturetului River in Romania.
The Valea Fundurilor is a tributary of the Valea cu Apă River in Romania.
The Valea Copilului River is a tributary of the Valea cu Apă in Romania.
The Urzicaru River is a tributary of the Valea Copilului River in Romania.
The Valea cu Apă is a tributary of the Valea Brusturetului River in Romania.
The Valea lui Stinghie River is a tributary of the Valea Brusturetului River in Romania.
The Valea Lespezilor River is a tributary of the Valea Brusturetului River in Romania.
The Valea Căpăţânelor River is a tributary of the Valea Brusturetului River in Romania.
The Cheia de sub Grind River is a tributary of the Valea Brusturetului River in Romania.
The Vâlceaua Găinii River is a tributary of the Valea Brusturetului River in Romania.
A mullet is a kind of fish.
The Valea Gangului River is a tributary of the Valea Brusturetului River in Romania.
The Valea Popii River is a tributary of the Valea Brusturetului River in Romania.
The Valea Brusturetului River or Brusturetul River is a headwater of the Dâmbovicioara River in Romania.
The Valea Ancului River is a tributary of the Dâmbovicioara River in Romania.
The Valea Muierii River is a tributary of the Padina Dâncioarei River in Romania.
The Padina Şirnii River is a headwater of the Padina Dâncioarei River in Romania.
The Padina Dâncioarei River is a headwater of the Dâmbovicioara River in Romania.
Flag semaphore is a system of spreading information at a distance by using two flags.
The Dâmbovicioara River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
Asparagales is an order of flowering plants.
Asparagaceae is the botanical name of a family of flowering plants.
"Hesperocallis" is a genus of flowering plants that includes a single species, "Hesperocallis undulata", the desert lily, found in the desert areas of the southwest of North America.
The Laurales are an order of flowering plants.
Hasbro is an American toy company.
Bay leaf ,  is the aromatic leaf of several species of the Laurel family .
Ginger is commonly used as a cooking spice throughout the world.
Revenue  is income that a company receives from its normal business activities, usually from the sale of goods and services to customers.
Net income is equal to the income that a company has after subtracting costs and expenses from the total revenue.
Real time within the media is a method where the events on-screen are being shown exactly as they happen.
The term Southern Cone  refers to a geographic region composed of the southernmost areas of South America, below the Tropic of Capricorn.
Kian is an Irish name that comes from the name "Cian".
The 1936–37 NHL season was the 20th season of the National Hockey League .
William M.
Robert Esche  is an American professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the Kontinental Hockey League's St.
A concussion is caused by an injury to the head and can cause headache, dizziness, fatigue, etc.
Mercury is a dense, opaque, metallic gray liquid.
Language reform is a type of language planning.
The Beaufort scale is a scale for measuring wind speeds.
"The Wheel of Time" is a long running fantasy series of novels by Robert Jordan.
Robert Jordan was the pen or writing name of the American author, James Oliver Rigney Jr.
Brian Thomas Burke  was the 23rd Premier of Western Australia from 25 February 1983 to 25 February 1988.
Raymond James O'Connor  was the 22nd Premier of Western Australia from 25 January 1982 until 25 February 1983.
Sir Charles Walter Michael Court  was the 21st Premier of Western Australia from 8 April 1974 to 25 January 1982.
Chang'an was the capital of ancient China of more than ten dynasties in Chinese history.
John Trezise Tonkin  was the 20th Premier of Western Australia from 3 March 1971 to 8 April 1974.
Sir David Brand  was the 19th Premier of Western Australia from 2 April 1959 to 3 March 1971.
Albert  Redvers George Hawke  was the 18th Premier of Western Australia from 23 February 1953 to 2 April 1959.
Sir Duncan Ross McLarty  was the 17th Premier of Western Australia from 1 April 1947 to 23 February 1953.
Frank Joseph Scott Wise  was the 16th Premier of Western Australia from 31 July 1945 to 1 April 1947.
The early modern period is a term used by historians for the period in Western Europe and its first colonies which spans the three centuries between the Middle Ages and the Industrial Revolution.
Kevin Moore  is a rugby league coach and former player.
Roman Čechmánek , Czechoslovakia) is a Czech professional ice hockey goaltender.
Jaromír Jágr  is a professional ice hockey right winger, who plays for Avangard Omsk in the Kontinental Hockey League.
The spinning jenny is a multi-spool spinning wheel.
Roman Turek  is a professional ice hockey goaltender, who played for the Dallas Stars, St.
A drive shaft, driving shaft, propeller shaft, or Cardan shaft is a mechanical device for transferring power from the engine or motor to the point where useful work is applied.
The first power loom, a mechanized loom powered by a driveshaft, was designed in 1784 by Edmund Cartwright and first built in 1785, later to be perfected by William Horrocks.
Ahmadiyya  is a movement founded in the 19th Century by Mirza Ghulam Ahmad from Qadian .
The Paris Métro or Métropolitain  is a rapid transit system in Paris, France.
Heroes is an American television shown on the network NBC in the US, BBC 2 in the UK and various other stations worldwide.
Eddie Su'a born 13 January, 1983 is a rugby league player for the Cronulla Sharks in the NRL.
A string is a string made of steel, nylon, or gut which vibrates on string instruments, such as the guitar, harp, piano, or violin.
Richard Henry Sellers, CBE, commonly known as Peter Sellers  was a British comedian and actor best known for his three roles in "Dr.
The Saşa River is a headwater of the Moneasa River in Romania.
Alexander Boris de Pfeffel Johnson  is a British politician and journalist.
nUbuntu or Network Ubuntu is a project to take the existing Ubuntu operating system and remaster it as a Live CD and Full Install with tools needed for penetration testing servers and networks.
The Bârlogel River is a tributary of the Moneasa River in Romania.
The Valea Lungă River is a tributary of the Moneasa River in Romania.
The Fumuri River is a tributary of the Creţu River in Romania.
The Secătura River is a tributary of the Creţu River in Romania.
The Creţu River is a tributary of the Moneasa River in Romania.
The Târsu River is a headwater of the Moneasa River in Romania.
The Boroaia River is a tributary of the Moneasa River in Romania.
The Valea Rugii River is a tributary of the Moneasa River in Romania.
The Megheş River is a tributary of the Moneasa River in Romania.
The Valea Băilor River is a tributary of the Moneasa River in Romania.
Prussian blue, also known as Berlin blue, is a dark blue colour which is artificially made.
The Pârâul Pinilor is a tributary of the Moneasa River in Romania.
The Moneasa River is a headwater of the Sebiş River in Romania.
The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Dezna River in Romania.
The Scăriţa River is a tributary of the Dezna River in Romania.
The Valea Cetăţii River is a tributary of the Dezna River in Romania.
The Valea Strâmba River is a tributary of the Dezna River in Romania.
The London Assembly is an elected body and part of the Greater London Authority that verifies the activities of the Mayor of London.
Brian Hugh Warner , better known by his stage name Marilyn Manson, is an American singer and artist, known for his stage persona and image as the lead singer of the eponymous band.
Somali  is a member of the East Cushitic branch of the Afro-Asiatic language family spoken by ethnic Somalis in Somalia, Djibouti, Ethiopia, Yemen and Kenya, as well as by the Somali diaspora around the world -- an estimated total population of between 10 and 16 million speakers.
Gravy is an English sauce made often from the juices that run naturally from meat or vegetables during cooking.
Burrhus Frederic Skinner  was an important American psychologist author.
Falmouth Academy  is a private preparatory school for students from grades 7-12 located in Falmouth, Massachusetts on Cape Cod.
Breastfeeding is when a mother feeds her babies with her breasts.
Satyajit Ray   was a Bengali Indian movie director.
Francesco Petrarca , known in English as Petrarch, was an Italian scholar, poet, and one of the earliest Renaissance humanists.
Language planning is the attempt to influence how a language is used.
Johnny Marr  is an English guitarist, keyboardist, harmonica player, and singer.
"Years of Refusal" is the forthcoming ninth solo album by Morrissey, the former lead singer of The Smiths.
The Indus Waters Treaty is a water-sharing treaty between the Republic Of India and Islamic Republic Of Pakistan.
John Collings Willcock  was the 15th Premier of Western Australia from 20 August 1936 to 31 July 1945.
Philip Collier  was the 14th Premier of Western Australia from 17 April 1924 to 23 April 1930 and then from 24 April 1933 to 19 August 1936.
Sir James Mitchell  was the 13th Premier of Western Australia from 17 May 1919 to 15 April 1924 and again from 24 April 1930 to 24 April 1933.
"Folie à Deux" is the alternative rock album by rock and pop band Fall Out Boy.
"What A Catch, Donnie"  is 3rd single released off the album by Fall Out Boy called "Folie à Deux".
The Stade de Suisse is a football stadium in Bern, Switzerland.
Kenneth Robert Livingstone  is a British socialist politician.
Vatnajökull   is the largest glacier in Iceland.
The InterCity 225 is a locomotive operating in the United Kingdom.
British Rail was the national train operating company in the United Kingdom from 1948 until 1997 when it was privatised.
The King Cobra  is the world's longest venomous snake, with a length that can be as large as 5.6 m .
Cobras  are venomous snakes of the familys Elapidae, of several genera, but particularly "Naja".
The Cape Cobra  is a cobra inhabiting the regions of Southern Africa.
The Kalahari Desert is a large arid to semi-arid sandy area in southern Kgalagadi Africa extending 900,000 km² (362,500 sq.
Silverstein are an Emo band formed in Ontario, Canada, in 2000.
The Slătioara River is a tributary of the Sebiş River in Romania.
The Laz River is a tributary of the Sebiş River in Romania.
The Chioara River is a tributary of the Laz River in Romania.
The Vâlceaua River is a tributary of the Sebiş River in Romania.
"Discovering the Waterfront" is a song by Silverstein.
The Dezna River is a headwater of the Sebiş River in Romania.
Pakistan State Oil  is the oil market leader in Pakistan.
The Valea Neagră River is a tributary of the Negrişoara River in Romania.
Mahmud I   was the Sultan of the Ottoman Empire from 1730 to 1754.
Mahmud II   was the 30th Sultan of the Ottoman Empire.
Mahmud II   proclaimed himself the Seljuk sultan of Baghdad in 1118 following the death of Mehmed I .
Mahmud of Ghazni  , also known as Yāmīn al-Dawlah Maḥmūd , was the ruler of the Ghaznavid Empire from 997 until his death.
The Ghaznavid Empire was a Khorāṣānian Sunni Muslim state, founded by a dynasty of Turkic mamluk origin, which existed from 975 to 1187.
Sultan Mahmud Shah  ruled Malacca from 1488 to 1528.
Mahmud Shah Durrani was the ruler of the Durrani Empire between 1801 and 1803, again between 1809 and 1818.
The Durrani Empire  was a large state found in modern Afghanistan and Pakistan and later included northeastern Iran and even parts of western India.
Cognitive psychology is a branch of psychology that looks into internal mental processes such as problem solving, memory, and language.
Mahmut Celal Bayar  was a Turkish politician, statesman and the third President of Turkey.
Perceptual psychology is a subfield of cognitive psychology that is concerned specifically with the pre-conscious innate aspects of the human cognitive system or perception.
Mahmoud Abbas  , also known by the Kunya Abu Mazen , was elected President of the Palestinian National Authority  on January 9, 2005.
Lieutenant General Abid Hamid Mahmud al-Tikriti was an Iraqi military officer under Saddam Hussein's deposed regime.
Social psychology is the study of how people and groups interact.
Mahmoud Fahmi an-Nukrashi Pasha   was an Egyptian political figure.
Neuropsychology is the scientific discipline that studies the structure and function of the brain related to more common psychological processes and overt behaviors.
Abnormal psychology is the interpretive and scientific study of abnormal thoughts and behavior in order to understand and correct abnormal patterns of functioning.
John Broadus Watson  was an American psychologist who established the psychological school of behaviorism, after doing research on animal behavior.
Indian English comprises several dialects or varieties of English spoken primarily in India, and by first-generation members of the Indian diaspora.
Ivan Petrovich Pavlov  was a Russian physiologist, psychologist, and physician.
Hamilton College is a private, independent, liberal arts college located in Clinton, New York.
Jon Stewart , is an American comedian, satirist, actor, writer, and producer.
The Negrişoara River is a tributary of the Sebiş River in Romania.
The Minizel River is a tributary of the Sebiş River in Romania.
The Sebiş River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
The quagga  is a recently extinct mammal, closely related to horses and zebras.
The Przewalski's horse ("Equus przewalskii" or "E.
The Chilodia River is a tributary of the Cigher River in Romania.
The Nadăş River  is a tributary of the Cigher River in Romania.
The Stupişnic River is a tributary of the Serăstrău River in Romania.
The Milova River is a tributary of the Lugoj River in Romania.
The nation state is a certain form of state that has a territorium where mainly one nation lives.
The Lugoj River is a tributary of the Dudiţa River in Romania.
The Dudiţa River is a tributary of the Serăstrău River in Romania.
Joseph Raymond McCarthy  was an American politician who served as a Republican U.S.
The Serăstrău River is a tributary of the Cigher River in Romania.
The Bodroc River is a tributary of the Almaş River in Romania.
The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Almaş River in Romania.
The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Drauţ River in Romania.
The Stojarţ River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
The Şoimaş River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
The Highiş River is a tributary of the Şoimaş River in Romania.
The Miniş River is a tributary of the Cigher River in Romania.
The Minişel River is a tributary of the Cigher River in Romania.
The Bârzăviţa River is a tributary of the Cigher River in Romania.
The Drauţ River is a tributary of the Cigher River in Romania.
The Brusturescu River is a tributary of the Zimbru River in Romania.
The Luştiu River is a tributary of the Zimbru River in Romania.
The Dulcele River is a tributary of the Zimbru River in Romania.
The Zimbru River or Ioşel River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
The Feniş River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
The Crocna River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
The Dumbrăviţa River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
The Craicova River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
The Topasca River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
A Poet Laureate is a poet officially appointed by the government of a country.
The Căluieţ River is a tributary of the Călui River in Romania.
The Călui River is a tributary of the Olteţ River in Romania.
The Dobreţu River is a tributary of the Horezu River in Romania.
The Horezu River is a tributary of the Geamărtălui River in Romania.
The Bălăşiţa River or Bălşiţa River or Băleasa River is a tributary of the Geamărtălui River in Romania.
This is a traditional list of Emperors of Japan.
The Geamărtălui River or Gemărtălui River is a tributary of the Olteţ River in Romania.
Katy Perry  is an American dance-pop singer.
"One of the Boys" is the first album by pop singer Katy Perry.
"I Kissed a Girl" is the first single by pop singer Katy Perry from her album "One of the Boys" , produced by Dr.
"Hot N Cold" is the second single by pop singer Katy Perry.
"I Am..." - is the third solo studio album by American R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles Background.
"If I Were a Boy" - is a song by American R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles, written by Toby Gad, BC Jean and Beyoncé Knowles for her third solo album, "I Am...
"Single Ladies " - is a song by American R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles, written by The-Dream, Tricky Stewart and Beyoncé Knowles for her third solo album, "I Am...
In computing, a protocol is the language used by computers while talking with each other.
Secure Shell or SSH is an Internet Protocol used to be exchange data using a secure channel between two computers talking with each other.
An Application Programming Interface  is a set of functions, procedures, methods or classes used by computer programs to requests services from the operating system, software libraries or any other service providers running on the computer.
The Peregrine Falcon  is a cosmopolitan bird of prey in the family Falconidae.
The Mozilla Public License  is a free and open source software license.
Pakistan–Syria relations are the relations between Syria and Pakistan.
Cuban-Pakistani relations are the bilateral relations between the Republic of Cuba and the Islamic Republic of Pakistan.
Ubisoft is a company that makes video games.
A permissive free software licence is a free software licence for a copyrighted work that offers freedoms such as publishing a work to the public domain.
Iraq–Pakistan relations are the relations between Pakistan and Iraq.
Kuwait–Pakistan relations are the relations between Kuwait and Pakistan.
"Hero / Heroine" is the 2nd single by rock and roll-Alternative pop band Boys Like Girls.
"Thunder" is a single released by American rock band Boys Like Girls.
1.22.03.Acoustic is an acoustic compilation album released by pop-rock band "Maroon 5".
Live from SoHo is a live album by rock band Maroon 5.
Alexander Berkman  was a Russian-American writer and a leading member of the anarchist movement of the 19th and early 20th centuries.
Murray Bookchin  was an American libertarian socialist, political and social philosopher, speaker and writer.
Carlo Cafiero  was an Italian anarchist and friend of Mikhail Bakunin during the second half of the 19th century.
Benito Pablo Juárez García  was a Zapotec who served five terms , , , , and , as President of Mexico.
Madeleine Korbel Albright  was the first woman to become United States Secretary of State.
James Carville  is an American political consultant, commentator, actor, attorney, media personality and pundit.
Colin Luther Powell, KCB , MSC,  is a retired General in the United States Army.
The United States Secretary of State  is the head of the United States Department of State, that deals with foreign affairs.
Jacques Ellul  was a French philosopher, sociologist, theologian, and Christian anarchist.
Johann Joseph Most  was a German-American anarchist and orator.
Francesco Saverio Merlino  was an Italian lawyer, anarchist activist and theorist of libertarian socialism.
Murray Newton Rothbard  was an American economist of the Austrian School who helped define modern libertarianism and founded a form of free-market anarchism called by himself "anarcho-capitalism".
Carlo Tresca  was an Italian-born American anarchist, newspaper editor, and labor agitator.
Benjamin Ricketson Tucker  was a leading proponent of American individualist anarchism in the 19th century, and editor and publisher of the individualist anarchist periodical "Liberty".
John Zerzan  is an American anarchist and primitivist philosopher and author.
The 2014 FIFA World cup is the 20th FIFA World Cup being held in Brazil.
Ephedrine  is an alkaloid found in plants of the genus Ephedra.
Emiliano Zapata Salazar  was a leader in the Mexican Revolution, which started in 1910.
Pseudoephedrine  is a decongestant.
Scion is a brand of small cars sold by Toyota in the United States.
The flag of Christmas Island was adopted in 1986.
Philippsburg is a city in Germany.
Ainsworth is a town in Langlade County, Wisconsin, United States.
Bex is a municipality in the canton of Vaud, Switzerland.
Erwitte is a town in the district of Soest.
The Lungu River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
The Covasna River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
The Rediu River or Fundu Văii River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
The Bogonos River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
The Roşior River is a tributary of the Bogonos River in Romania.
The Putina River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
The Tamarca River or Tătarca River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
The Ileana River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
The Comarna River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
The Balciu River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
The Valea Adâncă River is a tributary of the Balciu River in Romania.
The Boghea River is a tributary of the Balciu River in Romania.
The Corneşti River is a tributary of the Balciu River in Romania.
The Păiş River is a tributary of the Jijioara River in Romania.
The Barboşica River is a tributary of the Păiş River in Romania.
The Boroşoaia River is a tributary of the Jijioara River in Romania.
The Sbanţ River is a tributary of the Jijioara River in Romania.
John Burke Krasinski  is an American actor, film director and writer.
The United States Department of State, often referred to as the State Department, is the Cabinet-level foreign affairs agency of the United States government, similar to foreign ministries, foreign offices, ministries of external relations, etc.
The United States Cabinet  is composed of the most senior appointed officers of the executive branch of the federal government of the United States, and its existence dates back to the first American President , who appointed a Cabinet of four people  to advise and assist him in his duties.
The United States Attorney General is the head of the United States Department of Justice concerned with "legal affairs" and is the chief law enforcement officer of the United States government.
The United States Secretary of Agriculture is the head of the United States Department of Agriculture.
The following is a list of United States Cabinets by the President of the United States under which they operated.
The United States Secretary of Homeland Security is the head of the United States Department of Homeland Security, the body concerned with protecting the American homeland and the safety of American citizens.
The United States Department of Homeland Security , commonly known in the United States as "Homeland Security", is a Cabinet department of the U.S.
The United States Secretary of the Interior is the head of the United States Department of the Interior.
The United States Secretary of Commerce is the head of the United States Department of Commerce concerned with business and industry; the Department states its mission to be "to foster, promote, and develop the foreign and domestic commerce." Until 1913 there was one Secretary of Commerce and Labor, uniting this department with the Department of Labor, which is now headed by a separate Secretary of Labor.
The United States Department of Commerce is the Cabinet department of the United States government concerned with promoting economic growth.
The United States Department of the Interior  is a Cabinet department of the United States government that manages and conserves most federally owned land.
The United States Department of Justice  is a Cabinet department in the United States government designed to enforce the law and defend the interests of the United States according to the law and to ensure fair and impartial administration of justice for all Americans.
The United States Department of Agriculture  is a United States Federal Executive Department .
The United States federal executive departments are among the oldest primary units of the executive branch of the federal government of the United States—the Departments of State, War, and the Treasury all being established within a few weeks of each other in 1789.
The United States Department of Labor is a Cabinet department of the United States government responsible for occupational safety, wage and hour standards, unemployment insurance benefits, re-employment services, and some economic statistics.
The United States Secretary of Labor is the head of the Department of Labor who exercises control over the department and enforces and suggests laws involving unions, the workplace and all other issues involving any form of business-person controversies.
A Raster image processor is a component that can be found in some printers.
Sligo Rovers are an association football team in Ireland.
The Eircom football league was a football league in the Republic of Ireland.
Sligo is a town in County Sligo, Ireland.
Fort Campbell is a United States Army fort found between Hopkinsville, Kentucky, and Clarksville, Tennessee.
Harlem is a neighborhood in the New York City borough of Manhattan and was a village independent of New York City until 1873.
Eastern European Summer Time  is the name given to the daylight savings time which some countries in Eastern Europe have.
The taxanes are chemical substances produced by the plants of the genus "Taxus" .
A brooch is a piece of jewelry that is attached to clothes.
Flares  are trousers that become wider from the knees downwards.
An autopsy  is a medical examination of a corpse to find out what killed it .
The Supro Ozark is an old electric guitar with only one pick-up.
"Stormbreaker" is a 2000 book by British writer Anthony Horowitz.
In computer programming, event-driven programming also known as event-based programming is a programming method in which the flow of the program is determined by sensor outputs or user actions such as  or by messages from other programs or threads running on the computer.
Leeds Bradford International Airport is a large airport in Yeadon, Leeds and also near Bradford in West Yorkshire, England.
Leeds Metropolitan University is a university in Leeds, England.
Wetherby is a town in West Yorkshire, England.
Dynamic-link library , is the Microsoft's implementation of shared libraries used by the Microsoft Windows operating systems.
Jack Peddie is a former football player.
Nwankwo Kanu  is a football player.
Jay-Jay Okocha  is a former football player.
Nicky Butt is a football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1909/1910.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1949/1950.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1975.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1955/1956.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1957/1958.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1958/1959.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1959/1960.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1960/1961.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1962/1963.
Serie B is a football league which is second division in Italy.
Statistics of Serie B in season 1962/1963.
Michael Sean Coulthard  better known by his stage name Michael Cole, is an American former news journalist and the current play-by-play announcer for World Wrestling Entertainment's Raw.
In computing, rlogin is a Unix program that allows users to log in on another host using a network.
Captain Vasily Grigoryevich Zaytsev   was a Soviet sniper during World War II.
Michael David Adamle  is a sports personality and former National Football League player.
Port forwarding, also referred to as port mapping, is a method of forwarding a network port from one network node to another.
Paul Burchill  is an English professional wrestler, currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment wrestling on its Raw brand.
In computing, a serial port is a "serial communication physical interface" through which information transfers, either in or out, one bit at a time .
"Bambi" is an animated movie produced by Walt Disney.
This is a list of Software Licenses.
The flag of the Netherlands is a tricolour of red, white, and blue.
The Greater Coat of Arms of the Realm, , is the Coat of Arms of the Royal Family of Netherlands.
The flag of the United States Virgin Islands was adopted in 1922.
Morphine is an Alternative Rock band formed in 1989.
Pietro Umberto Acciarito  was an Italian anarchist.
"Good" is the first album by rock band Morphine.
Francisco Ascaso Budría  was a famous Anarcho-syndicalist in Spain, friend of Buenaventura Durruti.
"Cure For Pain" was the second album released by the band Morphine.
Marie Louise Berneri  was an anarchist activist and author.
Marco Camenisch is a Swiss anarchist and environmental activist.
Sante Geronimo Caserio  was an Italian anarchist that stabbed the French president of the French Third Republic Marie François Sadi Carnot.
Pakistan Day is a legal holiday in the nation state of Pakistan, observed on January 28.
The Badshahi Mosque , or the 'Emperor's Mosque', was built in 1673 by the Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb in Lahore, Pakistan.
Minar-e-Pakistan  is a tall minaret in Iqbal Park Lahore, built in commemoration of the Lahore Resolution.
Mazar-e-Quaid  or the National Mausoleum refers to the tomb of the founder of Pakistan, Muhammad Ali Jinnah.
Craig Ward Anton  is an American actor and comedian.
"Queer as Folk" is an American/Canadian television series that aired from 2000-2005 on Showtime.
The United States Secretary of Health and Human Services is the head of the United States Department of Health and Human Services, concerned with "health matters." The Secretary is a member of the President's Cabinet.
The United States Department of Health and Human Services , is a Cabinet department of the United States government with the goal of protecting the health of all Americans and providing essential human services.
The United States Secretary of Energy is the head of the United States Department of Energy, a member of the President's Cabinet, and fifteenth in the Presidential line of succession.
The United States Department of Energy  is a Cabinet-level department of the United States government responsible for energy policy and nuclear safety.
"Dead Memories" is the 3rd single by Slipknot from the album "All Hope Is Gone".
Theodore Marvin DiBiase, Jr.
Clinton is a city in Hinds County, Mississippi, United States.
Apollo Beach is an unincorporated census-designated place in Hillsborough County, Florida, United States.
Loco is a village and former municipality in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.
Robert Michael Gates  is currently serving as the 22nd United States Secretary of Defense.
The Office of United States Director of Central Intelligence  was established by U.S.
Donald Henry Rumsfeld  is a United States businessman and politician.
Robert Strange McNamara  is an American business executive and former United States Secretary of Defense.
James Vincent Forrestal  was a United States Secretary of the Navy and the first United States Secretary of Defense.
Yaoi , is a term for fiction that shows homosexual male relationships, but, is usually created by females.
Yuri  is a genre about love between two women in manga, anime, and other Japanese media.
Immigration is the movement of people across countries.
White Lion is a rock band from New York City.
Mike Tramp  is a Danish singer who sings for White Lion.
Delta is a place in British Columbia, Canada.
Surrey is a Canadian city in British Columbia, Canada.
Mark Lambert born 19 February, 1985 in England is a rugby union player for Harlequins in the Guinness Premiership.
Sadism is a medical condition where people can derive pleasure from humiliating or hurting other people.
James Inglis born 26 August, 1986 in England is a rugby union player for Harlequins in the Guinness Premiership.
Shane O'Connor born 29 March, 1983 in Ireland is a rugby union player for Harlequins in the Guinness Premiership.
Alex Rogers born 16 December, 1986 in England is a rugby union player for Harlequins in the Guinness Premiership.
Gareth Williams born 7 March, 1988 in Wales is a rugby union player for Harlequins in the Guinness Premiership.
David Blaney born 3 March, 1979 in England is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Ryan Prosser born 10 July, 1988 in England is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Iain Grieve born 19 February, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Chris Ashwin  is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
In computer networking, network address translation  is a technique of modifying the network address information in the IP packet headers while transferring the packet across a traffic routing device, such technique remaps a given address space into another address space.
Oscar Gutierrez  better known by his ring name Rey Mysterio, is an American professional wrestler currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment  wrestling on its Raw brand.
A router is a computer whose software and hardware are usually customized to perform tasks of routing and forwarding information.
Masochism is a medical condition where people can derive pleasure from being humiliated or hurt by other people.
Jon Fisher born 15 September, 1988 in Kingston-upon-Thames, London, England is a rugby union player for London Irish in the Guinness Premiership.
Lachlan Mitchell born 30 September, 1987 in Australia is a rugby union player for the London Wasps in the Guinness Premiership.
Charlie Beech born 21 July, 1987 in Stevenage, England is a rugby union player for the London Wasps in the Guinness Premiership.
The Showgrounds is a football stadium in Sligo, Ireland.
Hugo Ellis born 4 February, 1988 in Isleworth, London, England is a rugby union player for the London Wasps in the Guinness Premiership.
Ross Batty born 20 September, 1986 in England is a rugby union player for the Newcastle Falcons in the Guinness Premiership.
Tim Swinson born 17 February, 1987 in London, England is a rugby union player for the Newcastle Falcons in the Guinness Premiership.
Rory Clegg born 6 January, 1990 in Germany is a rugby union player for the Newcastle Falcons in the Guinness Premiership.
In Internet terminology a private network is typically a network that uses private IP address space, following the RFC 1918 standard.
Paul Anthony Cook  is an English former footballer and the current manager of Sligo Rovers F.C.
David Cook is an American Alternative rock and Post grunge singer-songwriter.
Roderick George Toombs  better known by his ring name "Rowdy" Roddy Piper, is a semi-retired Canadian professional wrestler, and movie actor.
, is a slang word for the phrase "Lolita complex".
Behemoth is a blackened death metal band from Gdansk, Poland.
Studio Ghibli is a movie studio from Japan that makes Anime movies.
Reverse DNS lookup  is the process of determining the hostname or the host computer associated with a given IP address or any other type of network address.
A polis  means a city, a city-state and also citizenship and body of citizens.
is a Japanese work that person creates alone.
Mumia Abu-Jamal  is an American who was convicted and sentenced to death for the 1981 murder of police officer Daniel Faulkner.
Overkill is a thrash metal band from New Jersey.
"For law enforcement see police" The Police were a rock band from England who played a style of rock that was influenced by jazz, punk and reggae music.
Damageplan was a heavy metal band from Dallas, Texas.
Down is a heavy metal band from New Orleans, Louisiana.
In cryptography, Triple DES is a block cipher derived from the Data Encryption Standard  cipher by using it three times.
"Breakout" is the second studio album by singer Miley Cyrus.
"7 Things" is a single released June 2008 off the album "Breakout" by Miley Cyrus.
"Girls Just Wanna Have Fun" is a song by Cyndi Lauper.
In cryptography, the Advanced Encryption Standard , which is also known as Rijndael, is a block cipher algorithm adopted as an encryption standard by the U.S.
Shounen is a type of media meant for boys usually between the ages of about 10 and 17.
Smile in your sleep is a 2006 single released by Emo band silverstein.
The Amazing Race is a reality television/game show.
The global financial crisis of September–October 2008 is a major ongoing financial crisis, the worst of its kind since the Great Depression.
Detritivores  are animals that feed on dead organisms  and break them down into smaller molecules.
Skid Row is a Heavy metal band from Toms River, New Jersey.
Every Sunday is a book by Peter Pezzelli.
The Carbon Cycle is a biogeochemical process where carbon is recycled through the ecosystem.
McCain Democrat is a term meaning Democrats who have supported Senator John McCain in the 2008 United States Presidential Election.A series of Polls since June have shown a downward trend over time in cross-party support for McCain.
Obama Republican is a term used to describe Republicans who support Barack Obama for President of the United States in the 2008 presidential election.
The Secretary of War was a member of the United States President's Cabinet, beginning with George Washington's administration.
The United States Secretary of the Navy  is the civilian head of the Department of the Navy.
The United States Postmaster General is the executive head of the United States Postal Service.
The White House Chief of Staff is the highest-ranking member of the Executive Office of the President of the United States and a senior aide to the President.
Edmund Jenings Randolph  was an American attorney, Governor of Virginia, Secretary of State, and the first United States Attorney General.
John Roy Steelman  was the first Assistant to the President of the United States serving President Harry S.
James Addison Baker, III , is a American attorney, politician, political administrator, and political adviser.
The National Library of China is one of the world's largest libraries found in Beijing, China.
Alessandro dos Santos  is a Japanese football player.
Ronaldinho  is a Brazilian football player.
Les Ferdinand is a former football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1910/1911.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1950/1951.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1976.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1956/1957.
Statistics of Serie B in season 1965/1966.
Statistics of Serie B in season 1980/1981.
Statistics of Serie B in season 1982/1983.
Statistics of Serie B in season 1993/1994.
Statistics of Serie B in season 2001/2002.
Statistics of Serie B in season 2002/2003.
Chris Sutton is a former football player.
Teddy Sheringham is a former football player.
Dwight Yorke is a football player from Trinidad and Tobago.
Uwe Seeler is a former football player.
Herbert Chapman is a former football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1911/1912.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1951/1952.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1977.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1957/1958.
Statistics of Serie B in season 2003/2004.
Statistics of Serie B in season 2004/2005.
Statistics of Serie B in season 1991/1992.
Statistics of Serie B in season 1992/1993.
Statistics of Serie B in season 2006/2007.
Statistics of Serie B in season 1987/1988.
Jari Litmanen is a former football player.
Denis Compton is a former English football player.
Jan Mølby is a former football player.
Tore André Flo is a former football player.
Iván Zamorano is a former football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1912/1913.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1952/1953.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1978.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1958/1959.
Statistics of Serie B in season 1988/1989.
Statistics of Serie B in season 1989/1990.
Statistics of Serie B in season 1997/1998.
Statistics of Serie B in season 1998/1999.
Statistics of Serie B in season 1999/2000.
Marc Jones born 3 April, 1987 in Pontypridd, Wales is a rugby union player for the Sale Sharks in the Guinness Premiership.
Statistics of Serie B in season 2000/2001.
Mark Hopley born 1 May, 1984 in Crewe, England is a rugby union player for Northampton Saints in the Guinness Premiership.
Formentera is the smallest of the 4 baleraric islands with population.
Minorca  is the most east of the Balearic Islands.
The Data Encryption Standard  is a cipher  selected by NBS as an official Federal Information Processing Standard  for the United States in 1976 then widely used internationally.
Sajid Iqbal Mahmood  is an English cricketer of Pakistani Janjua Rajput descent.
The Flag of Sri Lanka, also called the Lion Flag, consists of gold lion passant, holding a sword in its right fore paw, in front of a crimson background with four golden bo leaves in each corner.
In cryptography, RC4  is one of the most common software stream cipher.
General Electric is a big company in the USA.
In cryptography, Blowfish is a keyed, symmetric block cipher, made in 1993 by Bruce Schneier and since 1993 has been included in a large number of encryption products.
Sir Harry Pateshall Colebatch  was the 12th Premier of Western Australia from 17 April to 17 May 1919.
Sir Henry Bruce Lefroy  was the 11th Premier of Western Australia from 28 June 1917 to 17 April 1919.
Chevvy Pennycook born 6 April, 1987 in Bristol, England is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
John Scaddan  was the 10th Premier of Western Australia from 7 October 1911 to 27 July 1916.
Frank Wilson  was the 9th Premier of Western Australia from 16 September 1910 until 7 October 1911 and then again from 27 July 1916 until 28 June 1917.
Sir Newton James Moore  was the 8th Premier of Western Australia from 7 May 1906 until 16 September 1910.
Mathew Turner born 18 January, 1988 in Cape Town, South Africa is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Andrew Hill "Andy" Card Jr.
Eton College, or just Eton, is a world-famous British independent school for boys.
PuTTY is a terminal emulator application which can act as a client for the SSH, Telnet, rlogin, and raw TCP computing protocols.
Secure Copy or SCP is a method of securely transferring computer files between a local and a remote host or between two remote hosts, using the SSH protocol.
Migros is a supermarket chain found in Switzerland and other countries.
In computing, the SSH File Transfer Protocol  is a network protocol that provides file transfer and management of functionalities over any reliable data stream like TCP.
Computer security is a branch of information technology known as information security which is intended to protect computers.
Mark Odejobi born 18 January, 1988 in London, England is a rugby union player for London Wasps in the Guinness Premiership.
Damien Varley born 29 October, 1983 in Ireland is a rugby union player for London Wasps in the Guinness Premiership.
Crayon Shin-chan  is a Japanese manga and anime series written by Yoshito Usui.
The Adventures of Hamtaro  is a children's storybook series by Ritsuko Kawai.
Finn Harps are a football team in Ireland.
Sadomasochism is a word which is mostly used in a social  way.
Lanzarote is one of the Canary Islands.
The Line of Actual Control  is the effective border between India and China.
The McMahon Line is a demarcation line drawn on map referred to the Simla Convention, a treaty between Britain and Tibet signed in 1914.
Moradabad  is a city and a municipal corporation in Muradabad District in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
Theodor Heuss  was a German politician.
India-Pakistan maritime trespassing refers to the frequent trespassing and violation of respective national territorial waters of India and Pakistan in peacetime.
The Indo-Bangladeshi barrier is a 4,000-kilometer fence that India is presently constructing to seal off the Indian-Bangladeshi international border from what was formerly East Bengal.
The Indian Kashmir barrier is a 550 km  illegal separation barrier along the 740 km  disputed 1972 Line of Control  between Indian and Pakistani controlled Kashmir: Jammu and Kashmir, India and Pakistan Liberated Kashmir .
Frank-Walter Steinmeier  is a German politician.
Mary Elizabeth Aitcheson Gore  is an author, photographer, former "Second Lady of the United States," and the wife of Al Gore.
The "Second Lady of the United States" is the wife of the Vice President of the United States.
Lynne Ann Vincent Cheney  is the current Second Lady of the United States, the wife of United States Vice President Dick Cheney.
"Graphium sarpedon", the common bluebottle, is a species of swallowtail butterfly found in South and Southeast Asia, as well as parts of Australia.
The Bama Boyz  are a Grammy-nominated, Dove Award winning, American record production, songwriting, and artist trio, with Eddie “E-Trez” Smith III, Jesse J.
Swallowtail butterflies are large, colorful butterflies which form the family Papilionidae.
"Graphium" is a genus of mostly tropical swallowtail butterflies commonly known as swordtails.
"Sauerbraten"  is a cross-platform, "Quake"-like, first-person shooter computer game that runs on Microsoft Windows, Linux, FreeBSD and Mac OS X using OpenGL and SDL.
A town crier is a person who is employed by a town council to make public announcements in the streets.
The Plague of Justinian was a pandemic in the Byzantine Empire in the years 541–542 AD.
The Zlib licence is an open source software license.
Plant cutting, also known as striking/cloning, is a technique for vegetatively  propagating plants.
Ferdinand Lassalle  was a German jurist and socialist politician.
Hans-Dietrich Genscher  is a German politician.
Jonny Kennedy  is an English rugby union player for Sale Sharks in the Guinness Premiership.
Franz Müntefering  is a German politician.
Nick Royle is an English rugby union player for Sale Sharks in the Guinness Premiership.
Carl Fearns  is a rugby union player for Sale Sharks in the Guinness Premiership.
James Gaskell  is a rugby union player for Sale Sharks in the Guinness Premiership.
Martin Halsall  is a rugby union player for Sale Sharks in the Guinness Premiership.
Alex Shaw  is a rugby union player for Sale Sharks in the Guinness Premiership.
Chris Leck  is a rugby union player for Sale Sharks in the Guinness Premiership.
"Secret Water" is the eighth book in Arthur Ransome's Swallows and Amazons series of children's books.
Gran Turismo is a driving simulation video game created by Polyphony Digital for Sony Playstation and PSP Consoles.
Aramids are polymers.
In cryptanalysis, a brute force attack is a method of breaking a cryptographic system by trying a large number of possibilities using fast computers; for example, a large number of the possible keys in a key space in order to decrypt an encrypted message.
Information theory is a branch of applied mathematics and electrical engineering.
In cryptography, a block cipher is a symmetric key cipher which operates on a groups of bits of fixed length, called "blocks", using an exact transformation.
Authentication   is the actions taken to establish or verify something  as "authentic".
In cryptography, DES-X  is an alternative to the DES  block cipher designed to increase the complexity of a brute force attack using a technique called "key whitening".
A hostname  is the unique name by which a network device  is defined and known on a network.
The National Institute of Standards and Technology , known between 1901 and 1988 as the National Bureau of Standards , is a measurement standards laboratory which is a non-regulatory  agency of the United States Department of Commerce.
In cryptography, key size or key length is the size  of the key used in a cryptographic algorithm .
Wassily Kandinsky   was a Russian painter, printmaker and art theorist.
"Public-key cryptography", also known as asymmetric cryptography, is a form of cryptography in which the key used to encrypt a message differs from the key used to decrypt it.
John David Ashcroft  is an American politician who was the 79th United States Attorney General.
The first Arab Muslim conquests ,  also referred to as the Islamic conquests or Arab conquests, began after the death of the Islamic prophet Muhammad.
In cryptography, the key space of an algorithm refers to the set of all possible keys that can be used to initialize the cryptographic algorithm.
Roger Williams  was an English theologian.
Unitarianism is a term that describes some forms of Christianity.
The White House National Security Council  in the United States is the principal forum used by the President for considering national security and foreign policy matters with his senior national security advisors and Cabinet officials and is part of the President's Executive Office.
Stephen John Hadley  is the current  U.S.
The Deputy Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs, commonly referred to as the Deputy National Security Advisor, is a member of the Executive Office of the President of the United States, serving as deputy to the President's National Security Advisor.
Director of the Central Intelligence Agency  serves as the head of the Central Intelligence Agency, which is part of the United States Intelligence Community.
Procopius of Caesarea (, c.
Porter Johnston Goss  is an American politician, who was the last Director of Central Intelligence and the first Director of the Central Intelligence Agency following the passage of the 2004 Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act, which abolished the DCI position.
George John Tenet  was the Director of Central Intelligence for the United States Central Intelligence Agency and is Distinguished Professor in the Practice of Diplomacy at Georgetown University.
Peer Steinbrück  is a German politician.
Beyblade is an anime and manga series about a group of kids battling with highly powerful spinning tops enchanted with sacred bit-beasts or spirits of mythical and powerful creatures.
Wolfmother are an Australian rock band.
The Defense Intelligence Agency, or DIA, is a major producer and manager of military intelligence for the United States Department of Defense, employing over 11,000 military and civilian employees worldwide.
Makenna Cowgill (born Mackenzie Nathan Cowgill is an American child actor.
The African Bush Elephant  is the larger of the two species of African elephant.
Binda is a village in the Southern Tablelands region of New South Wales, Australia in Upper Lachlan Shire.
Hollister Co.
There are four overseas regions of France.
Ron Simmons  is an American retired professional wrestler and retired American football player.
On 1 January 2008, it was estimated that 63.8 million people people live in France, including in the Overseas Regions of France.
The fire service in the United Kingdom operates under separate legislative and administrative arrangements in England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
"Bleach" was the first album by the American grunge band, Nirvana.
Zub is a computer game made for use on the Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum computers which was released in 1986 by Mastertronic.
Molly Hatchet is a southern rock band from Jacksonville, Florida.
This region has 26,835,082 inhabitants and an area of 46,301 mi² .
The thermosphere is the layer of the earth's atmosphere directly above the mesosphere  and directly below the exosphere .
Anaconda is the installer for Red Hat Linux and Fedora.
Canowindra  is an historic town near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia.
Robert Cutler  was a U.S.
The St.
The United States Secretary of Transportation is the head of the United States Department of Transportation.
The Bushwackers Band was first called the Bushwackers and Bullockies Band.
The United States Department of Transportation  is a federal Cabinet department of the United States government concerned with transportation.
The United States Department of War, sometimes also called the War Office, was the department of the United States government's executive branch responsible for the operation and maintenance of land  forces from 1789 until September 18, 1947, when it became part of the National Military Establishment, renamed on August 10, 1949 the Department of Defense.
The United States Department of Commerce and Labor was a short-lived Cabinet department of the United States government.
The United States Department of Health, Education, and Welfare  was a cabinet-level department of the United States government from 1953 until 1979.
The Post Office Department is the former name of the United States Postal Service when it was a Cabinet department.
The United States Department of Education  is a Cabinet-level department of the United States government.
The United States Department of Housing, often abbreviated HUD, is a Cabinet department of the United States federal government.
The United States Department of Veterans Affairs  is a government-run military veteran benefit system with Cabinet-level status.
A particle accelerator, also called an atom smasher, is a machine that uses magnets to speed up subatomic particles with an electric charge so that they hit each other at very high speeds.
The United States Secretary of Education is the head of the Department of Education.
The United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare was the head of the United States Department of Health, Education, and Welfare.
Oveta Culp Hobby  was the first secretary of the Department of Health, Education and Welfare, first commanding officer of the Women's Army Corps, and chairman of the board of the "Houston Post".
Patricia Roberts Harris  served as United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, the last United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare and the first United States Secretary of Health and Human Services in the administration of President Jimmy Carter.
The Assistant Secretary for Housing, who also carries the title Federal Housing Commissioner, is a position within the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development.
The United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development is the head of the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development, concerned with "urban housing matters." The Secretary is a member of the President's Cabinet.
Henry Merritt "Hank" Paulson Jr.
The Reconquista  was a period of 800 years in the Middle Ages during which the several Christian kingdoms of the Iberian Peninsula expanded themselves  by fighting the Muslim states of "al-Andalus" , the muslim states on the Iberian Peninsula, and pushing them out of the peninsula.
John William Snow  served as the 73rd United States Secretary of the Treasury.
Paul Henry O'Neill  served as the 72nd United States Secretary of the Treasury for part of President George W.
Oliver Wolcott Jr.
Samuel Dexter  was an early American statesman who served both in Congress and in the Presidential Cabinet.
The United States Secretary of the Army is a civilian office within the Department of Defense with statutory responsibility for all matters relating to the United States Army: manpower, personnel, reserve affairs, installations, environmental issues, weapons systems and equipment acquisition, communications, and financial management.
Kenneth Claiborne Royall  was a United States Army general and the last person to hold the office of Secretary of War.
Preston M.
The Astor Markhor or Flare-horned Markhor  is an endangered subspecies of markhor.
The Kabul Markhor or Straight-horned Markhor  is a goat-antelope native to Afghanistan and Pakistan.
Junagadh was a territory and princely state that acceded to Pakistan in 1947, later annexed and military occupied by the Republic of India.
Junagarh City was the capital of the former princely state of Junagadh & Manavadar, that acceded to Pakistan in 1947.
"Nirvana" was a greatest hits album of songs by the popular American grunge band Nirvana, who disbanded in 1994 due to the lead singer, Kurt Cobain's, death.
The Hindustan–Pakistan Border, known locally as the International Border , is the international boundary between the Republic of India and Pakistan that demarcates the Indian states of Punjab, Rajasthan and Gujarat from the Pakistani provinces of Punjab and Sindh except for Kashmir that is disputed .
The National Emblem of Afghanistan has appeared in some form on the Flag of Afghanistan since the inception of that nation.
An USB hub is a special USB device.
A digital signature or digital signature scheme is a type of asymmetric cryptography.
Key generation is the process of generating keys for cryptography.
Symmetric-key algorithms are a class of algorithms for cryptography that use trivially related, often identical, cryptographic keys for both decryption and encryption.
John Marshall  was an American statesman and jurist who shaped American constitutional law and made the Supreme Court a center of power.
William Harris Crawford  was an important American politician, as well as a judge, during the early 19th century.
James McHenry  was an early American statesman.
Timothy Pickering  was a politician from Massachusetts who served in a variety of roles, most notably as the third United States Secretary of State, serving in that office from 1795 to 1800 under Presidents George Washington and John Adams.
John Jay  was an American politician, statesman, revolutionary, diplomat, a Supreme Court Chief Justice, and a Founding Father of the United States.
Evan Michael "Longo" Longoria is a third baseman for the Tampa Bay Rays.
The nucleolus is the part of a cell that creates ribosomes for the cell.
Candice Bergen  is an American actress.
Duke Nukem 3D is a first-person shooter computer game created by 3D Realms and sold by Apogee Software.
William Hubbs Rehnquist  was an American lawyer, jurist, and a political figure who served as an Associate Justice on the Supreme Court of the United States and later as the Chief Justice of the United States.
Hyderābād and Berar  under the Nizams, was the largest princely state in the erstwhile Indian Empire.
The Two-Nation Theory was the basis for the Partition of India in 1947.
Samuel Osgood  was an American merchant and statesman from Andover, Massachusetts.
William Bradford  was a lawyer and judge from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and the second United States Attorney General in 1794-1795.
Charles Lee  was an American lawyer from Virginia.
Benjamin Stoddert  was the first United States Secretary of the Navy from May 1, 1798 to March 31, 1801.
Joseph Hewes , was a native of Princeton, New Jersey, where he was born in 1730.
A candela measures how bright something is.
Hongwu Emperor , also known by his given name Zhu Yuanzhang  and by the temple name Taizu of the Ming  was the first emperor of the Ming Dynasty.
DeAndre ellis`, also known as Soulja Boy, is an American rapper.
A hadron is a kind of composite particle that is affected by the strong interaction.
Zlatko Zahovič is a former football player.
Francis Lee is a former football player.
Shaun Goater is a football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1913/1914.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1953/1954.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1979.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1959/1960.
Statistics of Italian Football Championship in season 1898.
Primera División Argentina is a football league which is top division in Argentina.
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 1976.
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 1977.
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 1978.
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 1979.
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 1980.
Vladimír Šmicer is a football player.
Dietmar Hamann is a German football player.
George Arthur Rowley,  was an English football striker.
Laurie Cunningham is a former football player.
Glenn Hoddle is a former football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1914/1915.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1954/1955.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1980.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1960/1961.
Statistics of Italian Football Championship in season 1899.
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 1981.
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 1993/1994.
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 1995/1996.
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 1996/1997.
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 1997/1998.
Al-Saadi Qadhafi is a former football player.
Robert Pirès is a football player.
Zoran Mirković is a former football player.
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink is a former football player.
Andrew Cole is a football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1919/1920.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1955/1956.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1989.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1961/1962.
Statistics of Italian Football Championship in season 1900.
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 1998/1999.
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 1999/2000.
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 2000/2001.
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 1973.
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 1974.
Futebol Clube do Porto  - short: FC Porto or FCP - is a Portuguese sports club best known for its football team.
FC Zenit Saint Petersburg  is a Russian football club from Saint Petersburg.
Steve Bruce  is an English football manager and former player.
Stockport County F.C.
"Grand Theft Autumn / Where Is Your Boy"  is the second single by rock band Fall Out Boy.
Sir Cornthwaite Hector William James Rason  was the 7th Premier of Western Australia from 25 August 1905 until 7 May 1906.
Henry Daglish  was the 6th Premier of Western Australia from 10 August 1904 to 25 August 1905.
Sir Walter Hartwell James  was the 5th Premier of Western Australia from 1 July 1902 to 10 August 1904.
Alfred Edward Morgans  was the 4th Premier of Western Australia from 21 November to 23 December 1901.
George Leake  was the 3rd Premier of Western Australia from 27 May 1901 to 21 November 1901 and then from 23 December 1901 to24 June 1902.
George Lionel Throssell  was the 2nd Premier of Western Australia from 15 February 1901 to 27 May 1901.
Sir John Forrest  was the 1st Premier of Western Australia from 22 December 1890 – 15 February 1901.
"Into the Fire" is the fifth studio album by the Canadian rock artist Bryan Adams.
The UK Albums Chart is a list of albums ranked by sales in the United Kingdom.
The ciphertext-only attack model is the weakest because it implies that the cryptanalyst has just the encoded message.
"Cuts Like a Knife" is the third album by the Canadian rock artist Bryan Adams.
"You Want It You Got It" is the second album by Bryan Adams, and was released in 1981 .
"Bryan Adams" is the first album by Canadian rock singer Bryan Adams.
The known-plaintext attack  is an attack model for cryptanalysis where the attacker has samples of both the plaintext and its encrypted version  then he can use them to expose further secret information after calculating the secret key.
"18 til I Die" is a rock album by Canadian songwriter Bryan Adams released in 1996 .
"On a Day Like Today" is an album by Canadian singer-songwriter Bryan Adams, released in 1998 .
"Room Service" is a rock album by Canadian songwriter Bryan Adams released internationally in 2004 and in the U.S.
"11" is the eleventh studio album by the Canadian rock artist Bryan Adams.
A chosen-plaintext attack  is an attack model for cryptanalysis which assume that the attacker has the capability to choose random plaintexts to be encrypted and obtain the corresponding ciphertexts.
In cryptography, a ciphertext-only attack  or known ciphertext attack is an attack model for cryptanalysis where the attacker is assumed to have access only to a set of ciphertexts.
A chosen-ciphertext attack  is an attack model for cryptanalysis in which the cryptanalyst gathers information, at least in part, by choosing a ciphertext and obtaining its decryption under an unknown key.
Kambly is a Swiss biscuit factory.
Differential cryptanalysis is a general form of cryptanalysis applicable to block ciphers, but also can be applied to stream ciphers and cryptographic hash functions.
In cryptography, linear cryptanalysis is a general form of cryptanalysis based on finding affine approximations to the action of a cipher.
Julianne Moore  is an American actress.
Tropical Storm Cristobal was the third tropical storm of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season.
AES  uses a key schedule to expand a short key into a number of separate round keys.
Gorillaz are an animated English rock band.
The Pantanal is the world's largest wetland or swamp.
Balliol College is one of the constituent colleges of the University of Oxford in England.
The Battle of Granada was a siege of the city of Granada fought over a period of months leading up to its surrender on 2nd January 1492.
Erich Mende  was a German jurist and politician for the Christian-Democratic Union of Germany and the Free Democratic Party of Germany.
Petra Karin Kelly  was a German politician, peace activist and one of the founders of the Green Party of Germany.
"Along the River During Qingming Festival" is a well known panoramic Chinese painting by artist Zhang Zeduan .
Kaiserswerth is a settlement with a more than 1,000-year history.
Vichy is a commune in the department of Allier in central France.
Indochina, or the Indochinese Peninsula, is a region in Southeast Asia.
Wadi Halfa is a small city located in northern part of Sudan by Lake Nubia .
In physics, mechanical energy describes the potential energy and kinetic energy present in the components of a mechanical system.
Vitiligo is a long lasting skin disease that causes the losing of color from the skin.
Virtue  is a kind of behaviour which is thought to be good.
Greyhound Lines  is a company in the United States that runs bus services between cities.
In cryptography, Twofish is a symmetric key block cipher with a block size of 128 bits and key lengths up to 256 bits.
In cryptography, truncated differential cryptanalysis is a generalization of differential cryptanalysis, an attack model against block ciphers.
The Fatimid Caliphate was ruled by the al-Fātimiyyūn dynasty from 5 January 909 to 1171.
The Maghreb  is a region in North Africa.
In cryptography, plaintext is the information which the sender want to transmit to the receiver.
In cryptography, ciphertext refers to the output of the encryption process, the process of transforming information  using an algorithm  to make it unreadable to anyone except those who own special information about it, usually referred to as a key.
Azad Kashmir Day celebrates the 61st day of the Azad Jammu Kashmir government, created on 24th October 1947.
In cryptography, a stream cipher is a symmetric key cipher where plaintext bits are combined with a pseudorandom cipher bit stream  using an exclusive-or  operation.
Nyon is a municipality in the district of Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.
Letterkenny  is a town located in County Donegal, Ireland.
Thalwil is a municipality in the district of Horgen in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.
A hearth  is a brick or stone lined fireplace or oven that is used for cooking and heating.
A jack-o'-lantern is a carved pumpkin.
The lakes of Titan, a moon of Saturn, are made of liquid methane.
The West Coast blues is a type of blues music related to jazz and jump blues, with lots of piano sounds and jazz guitar solos, which originated from Texas blues musicians that moved to California in the 1940s.
Sir Frederick William Pottinger, 2nd Baronet , police inspector, was born on April 27 1831 in India.
A Bushfire is a fire that happens in the bush.
Artificial selection is the intentional breeding for certain traits, or combinations of traits, over others, and is synonymous with "Selective breeding".
A selectable marker is a gene introduced into a cell that confers a trait suitable for artificial selection.
In Computer Science, especially in artificial intelligence, evolutionary algorithms" are a kind of algorithm that simulate evolution to optimise something.
Artificial life  is a field of study which examines systems related to life, its processes, and its evolution.
Nils Aall Barricelli  was a Norwegian-Italian mathematician.
Genetic algorithms are a kind of algorithm used to find approximations in search problems.
"Ingo Rechenberg  is a German computer scientist and professor.
Evolution strategies are ways to solve a problem using evolutionary algorithms.
John Henry Holland  is an American scientist and Professor of Psychology and Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.
Ontario Lacus is a lake filled with methane and ethane near the south pole of Saturn's moon Titan.
A Penetrometer is a device to test the strength of soil.
Sophie Anna Everhard  is an American actress.
Crème brûlée   is a dessert made of custard and topped with a layer of hard caramel.
Kraken Mare is the largest known lake on the surface of Saturn's moon Titan.
Ligeia Mare is a lake on Titan at 79.0° N, 248.0° W, measuring around 500 km in width.
In cryptography, a keystream is a stream of random or pseudorandom characters that are combined with a plaintext message to produce an encrypted message .
Noor Jehan  was the adopted stage name for Allah Wasai  who was a Pakistani singer and actress.
Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan , was a Pakistani musician.
Aziz Mian Qawwal   was one of Pakistan's most famous Qawwals.
Kashmir Solidarity Day has been celebrated on 5 February each year since 1990 as a day of protest against Indian control of part of Kashmir.
The National Emblem of Bangladesh was adopted shortly after independence in 1971.
On December 10, 1971, the first feeler for surrender in East Pakistan was conveyed to the United Nations.
In cryptography, a product cipher is a popular type of block ciphers that works by executing in sequence a number of simple transformations such as substitution, permutation, and modular arithmetic.
Islamic Republic is the name given to forms of government of several states.
The Economic Cooperation Organization  is an intergovernmental international organization.
In cryptography, the so-called product ciphers are a certain kind of ciphers, where the decryption of data is done in "rounds".
In modern cryptography, symmetric key ciphers are generally divided into stream ciphers and block ciphers.
In cryptography, the EFF DES cracker  is a machine built by the Electronic Frontier Foundation  to perform a brute force search of DES cipher's key space — that is, to decrypt an encrypted message by trying every possible key.
A sniper is a soldier in an army who has special training with sniper rifles.
Image:NSALibertyReport.p13.jpg|thumb|A typical classified document.
A security clearance is a status granted  to individuals allowing them access to classified information, e.g.
Sensitive information is information or knowledge that might result in loss of an advantage or level of security if exposed to others who might be unfriends or have low or unknown trustability.
A trade secret is a formula, practice, process, design, instrument, pattern, or a collection of information which is not generally known, invented or created, by which a business can obtain an economic advantage over competitors or customers.
"Rock Steady" is the fifth studio album by the American alternative rock band No Doubt.
The Meet-in-the-middle attack is a cryptographic attack which, like the birthday attack, makes use of a space-time tradeoff.
In cryptography, key whitening is a technique used to increase the security of block ciphers.
eSTREAM is a project to identify "new stream ciphers that might become suitable for widespread adoption", organized by the EU ECRYPT network.
In cryptography, MacGuffin is a block cipher created in 1994 by Bruce Schneier and Matt Blaze at a Fast Software Encryption workshop.
In cryptography, a Feistel cipher is a symmetric structure used in the construction of block ciphers, named after the German IBM cryptographer Horst Feistel; it is also commonly known as a Feistel network.
George Wythe , was a lawyer, judge, prominent law professor and "Virginia's foremost classical scholar." Wythe's signature is on the list of seven Virginia signatories on the United States Declaration of Independence.
Josiah Bartlett , was an American physician and statesman, delegate to the Continental Congress for New Hampshire, and signatory of the Declaration of Independence.
Carter Braxton , was a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence and a representative of Virginia.
Islamic theology deals with the beliefs associated with the Islamic faith.
Mac OS X v10.5 is a operating system made by Apple Inc.
A weather forecast is a prediction on what the weather will be like in the future.
A MacBook is a type of laptop computer by Apple Inc.
An SMS, or short messaging service is a type of communication used in mobile phones.
International waters is a body of water that does not belong to any country.
Alternative hip hop is a form of hip hop music that is very different from gangsta rap, crunk, and snap.
Jason Varitek  is an American baseball player.
The Süddeutsche Zeitung is the most-read nationwide quality-newspaper in Germany.
The Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung is a conserative newspaper in Germany.
The Frankfurter Rundschau is a nationwide newspaper in Germany.
Die Zeit is a nationwide weekly newspaper in Germany.
Der Spiegel is a weekly political magazine in Germany.
A nuclear equation or reaction equation is commonly used in particle physics to show radioactive decay processes.
Oliver Wolcott , was a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence and also the Articles of Confederation as a representative of Connecticut.
Thomas Paine  was an English pamphleteer, revolutionary, radical, inventor, and intellectual.
Richard Royce Schrock  is an American Professor of Chemistry.
"All your base are belong to us"  is a broken English phrase that began an internet phenomenon in 2001 and 2002, with the use of a Flash animation.
The Zeroth Law of Thermodynamics says that if the temperature from one object  is equal to another object , and the temperature of 'B' is equal to the temperature of 'C' , then the temperature from 'A' is equal to the temperature from 'C' .
Peach is a color that is a representation of the color of the peach fruit.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1920/1921.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1921/1922.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1990.
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 1975.
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 1985.
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 1985/1986.
Dion Dublin is a former football player.
Danny Murphy is a football player.
Stéphane Henchoz is a former football player.
Milan Baroš is a football player.
Gabriel Batistuta  is a former Argentine football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1922/1923.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1956/1957.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1991.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1962/1963.
Statistics of Italian Football Championship in season 1901.
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 1986/1987.
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 1987/1988.
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 1991/1992.
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 1992/1993.
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 1994/1995.
Bentley is a British car maker.
Chloe O'Brian is a character in the television series "24".
Allauch is a commune of 19,400 people .
Alleins is a commune of 2,368 people .
Aubagne is a commune of 42,900 people .
Aureille is a commune of 1,463 people .
Auriol is a commune of 11,057 people .
Aurons is a commune of 515 people .
La Barben is a commune of 649 people .
Barbentane is a commune of 3,660 people .
Festung Ehrenbreitstein is a fortress.
Les Baux-de-Provence is a commune of 381 people .
Beaurecueil is a commune of 568 people .
Belcodène is a commune of 1,731 people .
Berre-l'Étang is a commune of 14,300 people .
Bouc-Bel-Air is a commune of 13,700 people .
Jeep is the name of a car maker that makes four-wheel drive vehicles.
La Bouilladisse is a commune of 4,904 people .
Boulbon is a commune of 1,510 people .
Cabannes is a commune of 4,119 people .
Cabriès is a commune of 8,073 people .
Cadolive is a commune of 2,087 people .
Carnoux-en-Provence is a commune of 7,042 people .
Carry-le-Rouet is a commune of 6,355 people .
Cassis is a commune of 7,766 people .
Ceyreste is a commune of 4,034 people .
Charleval is a commune of 2,080 people .
Châteauneuf-le-Rouge is a commune of 2,070 people .
Châteauneuf-les-Martigues is a commune of 11,900 people .
Châteaurenard is a commune of 14,200 people .
La Ciotat is a commune of 31,923 people .
Cornillon-Confoux is a commune of 1,327 people .
Coudoux is a commune of 3,352 people .
Cuges-les-Pins is a commune of 4,708 people .
La Destrousse is a commune of 2,736 people .
Éguilles is a commune of 7,544 people .
Ensuès-la-Redonne is a commune of 5,096 people .
Eygalières is a commune of 1,900 people .
Eyguières is a commune of 6,312 people .
Eyragues is a commune of 4,179 people .
La Fare-les-Oliviers is a commune of 6,334 people .
Fontvieille is a commune of 3,362 people .
Fos-sur-Mer is a commune of 15,700 people .
Fuveau is a commune of 8,558 people .
Gardanne is a commune of 20,700 people .
Gémenos is a commune of 5,481 people .
Gignac-la-Nerthe is a commune of 9,140 people .
Grans is a commune of 4,078 people .
Graveson is a commune of 3,570 people .
Gréasque is a commune of 3,705 people .
Istres is a commune of 41,200 people .
Jouques is a commune of 3,321 people .
Lamanon is a commune of 1,713 people .
Lambesc is a commune of 7,934 people .
Lançon-Provence is a commune of 7,674 people .
Maillane is a commune of 2,013 people .
Mallemort is a commune of 5,501 people .
Marignane is a commune of 33,700 people .
Mandaeism or Mandaeanism  is a monotheistic religion.
In cryptography, a substitution box  is a basic component of symmetric-key algorithms.
Martigues is a commune of 46,200 people .
Mas-Blanc-des-Alpilles is a commune of 373 people .
Maussane-les-Alpilles is a commune of 2,155 people .
Meyrargues is a commune of 3,400 people .
Meyreuil is a commune of 4,450 people .
Mimet is a commune of 4,400 people .
Miramas is a commune of 23,800 people .
Mollégès is a commune of 2,171 people .
Mouriès is a commune of 2,752 people .
Noves is a commune of 4,845 people .
Orgon is a commune of 2,913 people .
Paradou is a commune of 1,162 people .
Pélissanne is a commune of 9,268 people .
Les Pennes-Mirabeau is a commune of 19,043 people .
La Penne-sur-Huveaune is a commune of 6,150 people .
Peynier is a commune of 2,900 people .
Peypin is a commune of 5,097 people .
Peyrolles-en-Provence is a commune of 4,286 people .
Plan-de-Cuques is a commune of 10,503 people .
Plan-d'Orgon is a commune of 2,738 people .
In cryptography, confusion and diffusion are two properties of the operation of a secure cipher.
Port-de-Bouc is a commune of 17,900 people .
Port-Saint-Louis-du-Rhône is a commune of 8,524 people .
Puyloubier is a commune of 1,671 people .
Le Puy-Sainte-Réparade is a commune of 5,112 people .
Rognac is a commune of 11,900 people .
Rognes is a commune of 4,194 people .
Rognonas is a commune of 3,623 people .
La Roque-d'Anthéron is a commune of 4,722 people .
"Communication Theory of Secrecy Systems" is a paper published by Claude Shannon discussing cryptography from the viewpoint of information theory.
"Come as You Are" is a song by the American grunge band Nirvana.
In cryptography, the International Data Encryption Algorithm  is a block cipher designed by Xuejia Lai and James Massey of ETH Zurich in 1991.
Luduş  is a town in Mureş County, Romania.
The 2008 Yemen floods took place on October 23, leaving 65 dead and 20,000 without shelter.
Alexander Ramsey  was an American politician.
"Lounge Act" is a song by the American grunge band Nirvana.
Hurricane Dean was the strongest tropical cyclone of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season.
The Amazon Basin is the part of South America drained by the Amazon River and its branches.
Achiote  is a shrub or small tree from the tropical area of the American continent.
In Aztec mythology, Xoːchiquetzal  was a goddess of flowers, fertility, games, dancing and agriculture , as well as craftsmen and pregnant women.
"Tlatoani"  is the Nahuatl word for the ruler of an "altepetl", a pre-Hispanic state.
José de Acosta , was a Spanish 16th-century Jesuit missionary and naturalist in Latin America.
Catarrh  is a thick fluid of mucus and white blood cells caused by the swelling of the mucous membranes in the head because of an infection.
Upper class is an idea in sociology.
A chocolate bar is a candy in bar form made of cocoa solids, cocoa butter, sugar, and milk.
The city of Veracruz is an important port city on the Gulf of Mexico in the Mexican state of Veracruz.
Sir Hans Sloane, 1st Baronet, PRS  was an Ulster-Scot physician and collector.
The Royal College of Physicians of London was the first medical group in England to receive a Royal Charter.
"Coenraad Johannes van Houten"  was a Dutch chocolate maker known for creating a method for pressing the fat from roasted cacao beans to create cocoa powder.
Cocoa butter, also called theobroma oil, is the pale-yellow, pure vegetable fat of the cacao bean.
Pietro Longhi  was a Venetian painter of contemporary scenes of life.
'Alex Turner  is the lead singer and guitarist of the Arctic Monkeys.
Dodge is an American automobile, SUV and truck maker.
 Introduction .
The Arsacid Dynasty or  ruled the Kingdom of Armenia from 54 to 428.
Arts and crafts is a term which is used to describe a wide variety of activities involving making things with one's own hands.
Chrysler is a car manufacturer based in the United States.
The League Cup  is a English football cup played by all teams from different leagues in England.
Zohaib Hassan, younger brother of iconic Pakistani pop singer Nazia Hassan was born in Karachi on November 18, 1966.
Nazia Hassan  singer  and Zohaib Hassan ,  were a singing sensation and pioneers of the Pakistani pop music scene during the 1980s.
Bilawal Bhutto Zardari   is co-chairman of the Pakistan Peoples Party, and the eldest child and only son of the late Pakistani politician and former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto and her husband Asif Ali Zardari, the President of Pakistan.
Muhammad Ijaz-ul-Haq   is a prominent Pakistani politician and former Federal Minister for Religious Affairs of the Pakistan.
Zile Huma  is the daughter of the late Melody Queen Madam Noor Jehan and the only of her four daughters to follow in her mother's footsteps.
Sonya Jehan is an up and coming Pakistani Bollywood actress who is in the early stages of her film career.
Aga Khan III, GCSI, GCMG, GCIE, GCVO, PC  was the 48th Imam of the Shia Ismaili Muslims.
Both Bangladesh and the Republic of India are part of the Indian subcontinent and have had a long common cultural, economic and political history.
Pakistan–Tajikistan relations are the foreign relations between Pakistan and Tajikistan.
The Iran-Pakistan barrier is a separation barrier which Iran has started building along its border with Pakistan replacing an intermittent tattered border fence.
Sir William Sterndale Bennett  was an English composer and pianist.
The Grand Trunk Road  is one of South Asia's oldest and longest major roads.
In computer science, a space-time or time-memory tradeoff is a way of solving a problem or calculation in less time by using more storage space , or by solving a problem in very little space by spending a long time.
In cryptography, an SP-network, or substitution-permutation network , is a series of linked mathematical operations used in block cipher algorithms such as AES.
In cryptography, Square  is a block cipher invented by Joan Daemen and Vincent Rijmen.
In cryptography, a permutation box  is a method of bit-shuffling used to permute or transpose bits  across S-boxes inputs, maintaining diffusion while transposing.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1963/1964.
Carnivorous plants  are plants that get some or most of their nutrients  from trapping and eating animals or protozoans, typically insects and other arthropods.
Joe Kinnear is a former football player.
Matt Busby is a former football player.
Brett Emerton is a football player.
David Rocastle is a former football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1928/1929.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1929/1930.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1930/1931.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1957/1958.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1995/1996.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1964/1965.
Fazilka is a city and a municipal council in Ferozpur District in the disputed territories of the Punjab .
Statistics of Italian Football Championship in season 1902.
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 2003/2004.
The flag of Azerbaijan  is one of the national symbols of Azerbaijan and consists of three equal horizontal bands, from top: blue, red, and green; a white crescent and an eight-pointed star  are centered in the red band.
The Coat of arms of Azerbaijan mixes traditional and modern symbols.
Roquefort-la-Bédoule is a commune of 5,016 people .
Roquevaire is a commune of 8,299 people .
Rousset is a commune of 4,025 people .
Le Rove is a commune of 4,070 people .
Saint-Andiol is a commune of 3,138 people .
Saint-Antonin-sur-Bayon is a commune of 137 people .
Saint-Cannat is a commune of 4,684 people .
Saint-Chamas is a commune of 7,268 people .
Pakistani–British relations are the relations of Pakistan and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
Saintes-Maries-de-la-Mer is a commune of 2,478 people .
Saint-Estève-Janson is a commune of 342 people .
Saint-Étienne-du-Grès is a commune of 2,111 people .
Saint-Marc-Jaumegarde is a commune of 1,093 people .
Saint-Martin-de-Crau is a commune of 11,600 people .
Saint-Mitre-les-Remparts is a commune of 5,458 people .
Saint-Paul-lès-Durance is a commune of 928 people .
Saint-Pierre-de-Mézoargues is a commune of 250 people .
Saint-Rémy-de-Provence is a commune of 10,251 people .
Saint-Savournin is a commune of 2,577 people .
Saint-Victoret is a commune of 6,530 people .
Salon-de-Provence is a commune of 40,100 people .
Sausset-les-Pins is a commune of 7,278 people .
Malaysia-Pakistan relations  refers to bilateral foreign relations between the two countries, Malaysia and Pakistan.
Sénas is a commune of 5,980 people .
Septèmes-les-Vallons is a commune of 10,202 people .
Simiane-Collongue is a commune of 5,570 people .
Le Tholonet is a commune of 2,267 people .
Trets is a commune of 10,709 people .
Vauvenargues is a commune of 896 people .
Velaux is a commune of 8,305 people .
Venelles is a commune of 8,156 people .
Ventabren is a commune of 8,431 people .
Vernègues is a commune of 1,256 people .
Pakistan–Uzbekistan relations are the foreign relations between Pakistan and Uzbekistan.
Verquières is a commune of 786 people .
Vitrolles  is a commune of 37,760 people .
Alphonse Daudet  was a French novelist.
Gustave Flaubert   was a French writer.
Roquefort is a commune of 230 people .
Roquefort is a commune of 1,894 people .
In computer science, a lookup table is a data structure, usually an array or associative array, used to replace a runtime computation  with a simple array indexing operation.
Roquefort is a commune of 1,198 people .
Roquefort-sur-Soulzon is a commune of 691 people .
Corn is a commune of 157 people .
Roquefort-de-Sault is a commune of 113 people .
Roquefort-des-Corbières is a commune of 664 people .
Roquefort-les-Cascades is a commune of 107 people .
Roquefort-les-Pins is a commune of 6175 people .
Roquefort-sur-Garonne is a commune of 715 people .
In cryptography, the avalanche effect refers to an attractive property of block ciphers and cryptographic hash functions algorithms.
Rocquefort is a commune of 270 people .
BBC Radio 1Xtra,  is a digital UK radio station from the BBC.
Barrel is an old English word for a big holder of liquids, such as petrol, beer, wine or oil.
Claudio Ulpiano  was a Brazilian philosopher and expert on the work of Gilles Deleuze.
Jorge Mautner is a Brazilian writer and singer, born in Rio de Janeiro in 1941.
Bolt is an animated movie that was be released on November 21, 2008, and is Disney's 47th animated feature.
Meshuggah is an experimental metal band from Umeå in Sweden.
Andy McKee is a fingerstyle guitarist from Topeka, Kansas.
"Beverly Hills Chihuahua" is a 2008 movie by Walt Disney Pictures directed by Raja Gosnell.
Destruction is a thrash metal band from Lörrach in Germany.
Hans-Christian Ströbele  is a German politician and lawyer.
Banksy is a British street and graffiti artist.
John Rodney Mullen  is a professional freestyle skateboarder, and considered to be one of the most influential skaters in the history of the sport.
Anthony Frank Hawk  is an American professional skateboarder.
Santa Maria is a 1st class urban municipality in the province of Bulacan, Philippines.
Winton Malcolm "Red" Blount, Jr.
This list of sex positions is a list of different ways to have sexual intercourse and other sexual acts.
Richard Bache  worked for the Postal Service under Benjamin Franklin from 1775–1776, and was Franklin's successor as Postmaster General, serving from 1776–1782 during the Revolutionary War.
Leslie Mark Hughes  is a Welsh football manager and former player.
Abraham Alfonse Albert Gallatin  was a Swiss-American ethnologist, linguist, politician, diplomat, Congressman, and the longest-serving United States Secretary of the Treasury.
Henry Dearborn  was an American physician, statesman and veteran of both the American Revolutionary War and the War of 1812.
Robert Smith  was the second United States Secretary of the Navy from 1801 to 1809 and the sixth United States Secretary of State from 1809 to 1811.
Caesar Augustus Rodney  was an American lawyer and politician from Wilmington, in New Castle County, Delaware.
Derrick Pierce  is an American porn actor.
Christopher John "Topher" Grace  is an American actor.
Mirepoix  is the French name for a condiment used for cooking.
Béchamel sauce , also known as white sauce, is a basic sauce.
"American Dad!" is a American animated television series.
Mirepoix is a village in the Gers departement in France.
Landon Donovan is a football player.
Coriander, also known as cilantro, is a herb from the "Apiaceae" family.
Brad Friedel is a football player.
Nílton Santos is a former football player.
DaMarcus Beasley  is a American soccer player.
Alecko Eskandarian is a American football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1923/1924.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1958/1959.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1996/1997.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1965/1966.
Statistics of Italian Football Championship in season 1903.
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 2004/2005.
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 1988/1989.
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 1989/1990.
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 1990/1991.
Smash Hits was a pop music based magazine.
Liga I is a football league which is top division in Romania.
Statistics of Divizia A in season 1982/1983.
The Battle of the Mediterranean was the name given to the naval campaign fought in the Mediterranean Sea during World War II.
The bilateral relations between the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the Islamic Republic of Pakistan are close and friendly.
Pakistani–Turkish relations are foreign relations between the Islamic Republic of Pakistan and the Republic of Turkey.
Pakistan–Turkmenistan relations are the relations between Turkmenistan and Pakistan.
A cryptographic hash function is a transformation that takes an input  and returns a fixed-size string, which is called the hash value .
Pakistan and Egypt , both being muslim countries, share cordial relations.
Simply, data integrity is to make sure that data is "consistent" and "correct".
There are two different meanings of the word cryptosystem.
Serpent is a symmetric key block cipher which was the second finalist in the Advanced Encryption Standard  contest after Rijndael.
Pretty Good Privacy  is a computer program that provides cryptographic privacy and authentication.
In cryptography, a weak key is a key which when used with a specific cipher, makes the cipher behave in some undesirable way, and simplifies breaking  the ciphertext.
In cryptography, the XSL attack is a method of cryptanalysis for block ciphers.
Sound the alarm is an album released by Saves The Day it was released in April 2006.
Ennis is a town in the Republic of Ireland.
Randolph Severn "Trey" Parker III  is an American animator, screenwriter, film director, voice actor, actor, musician and Academy Award nominated lyricist.
Matthew Richard "Matt" Stone  is an Academy Award- nominated Emmy Award- winning American animator, screenwriter, director, producer, voice actor, musician and actor.
Tibet and Mongolia signed a treaty called the Treaty of friendship and alliance between the Government of Mongolia and Tibet on February 2, 1913, at Urga .
Waterford City is a city in the Republic of Ireland.
In physics, dissipation includes the concept of a dynamical system where "important mechanical modes", such as waves or oscillations, lose energy over time, typically due to the action of friction or turbulence.
Galway is a city in Republic of Ireland.
Ride the Lightning is the second album by american thrash metal band Metallica.
Porta Alchemica , or Alchemy Gate or Magic Portal, is an ancient monument built between 1678 and 1680 by "Massimiliano Palombara" marquis of Pietraforte  in his residence, Palombara villa, located in the east of Rome on the "Esquilino" hill in a position almost corresponding to "Piazza Vittorio", where today was placed.
Springfield is a city in Hampden County, Massachusetts, United States.
Global apartheid is a term used to mean the worldwide control of resources, the economy, and government by an ethnic minority.
Baccara was a Spanish pop group.
"The Big Bang Theory" is an American situation comedy created and made by Chuck Lorre and Bill Prady, which was first shown on CBS on September 24 2007.
Smilodon was the largest saber-toothed cat .
"The Clash" is the first album-length recording made by the English punk band The Clash.
"Give 'Em Enough Rope" is the second album by The Clash.
"The Daily Show"  is an Emmy Award winning news parody television program.
Richard Neville Dobson known professionally as Ritchie Neville  is an English singer.
Five were a British boy band made in 1997 by the same team that formed the Spice Girls, Bob Herbert and his son Chris.
"Secret Diary of a Call Girl"  is a British television drama broadcast on ITV2 starring Billie Piper as "Belle", a high-class London-based call girl.
ITV2 is a 24 hour a day free-to-air entertainment television channel in the United Kingdom owned by ITV Digital Channels Ltd, a part of ITV plc.
Belle de Jour is promoted as the "pen name" of a former London call girl.
In the 18th century, the cloth mill Offermann was a brass factory in the German city of Stolberg.
St.
Killing Is My Business...
The Daleks are a fictional alien race of mutants from the British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
Rust in Peace is the fourth album by American thrash metal band, Megadeth.
Fable II is a fantasy role-playing videogame released for Microsoft's Xbox 360 console in 2008.
Aveyron  is a department in the south of France.
Bouches-du-Rhône  is a department in the south of France.
The vocal chords or vocal folds are two sets of tissue streched across the larynx.
Parallel computing is a form of computation in which many instructions are carried out simultaneously , depending on the theory that large problems can often be divided into smaller ones, and then solved concurrently .
Cantal  is a department in south of France.
Charente  is a department in the west of France.
Charente-Maritime is a department on the west coast of France.
In computing, optimization is the process of modifying a system to make some features of it work more efficiently or use fewer resources.
The Pilgrimage of Grace was a revolt in York, Yorkshire in 1536.
An Embedded system is a computer that has been built to solve only a few very specific problems.
Aladdin  is a fictional character and main protagonist of Disney's "Aladdin" franchise, who first appeared in the film "Aladdin".
The AVN Awards are movie awards sponsored by and presented by the adult video industry magazine AVN.
An Airbag is a part of the safety restraint system in cars.
"Darkly Dreaming Dexter" is a 2004 book written by Jeff Lindsay.
"Dearly Devoted Dexter" is a 2005 book written by Jeff Lindsay.
"Dexter in the Dark" is a 2007 book written by Jeff Lindsay.
Fucking  is an Austrian village in the municipality of Tarsdorf, in the Innviertel region of western Upper Austria.
Susan Featherly  is an American actress.
Ravenscraig is an area of land in North Lanarkshire, Scotland.
Ron Wilson (b.
The inner core is the very center of the planet and is the hottest part of a planet.
Peace Sells...
"A Huge Ever Growing Pulsating Brain That Rules From the Centre of the Ultraworld" is a mix of a song by the ambient house group The Orb.
Hermann Carl Vogel  was a German astronomer.
Algol, also known as the Demon Star, is a bright star in the Perseus constellation.
"So Far, So Good...
The subclass Lissamphibia includes all recent amphibians.
Reliant Stadium is a football stadium located in Houston, Texas.
Bop It is a game made by Hasbro.
Shamanism is the name for a number of religious movements.
John 'Jocky' Alexander Scott  is a Scottish football manager and former player.
A real-time operating system  is a multitasking operating system designed for real-time applications.
Rage is a Heavy metal band from Germany.
Egon Schiele   was an Austrian painter.
A reduced instruction set computing , represents a CPU design method to simplify instructions which "do less" but provide higher performance by making instructions execute very fast.
A complex instruction set computer , represents a CPU design method in which each instructions can execute several low-level operations, such as a load from memory, an arithmetic operation, and a memory store, all in a single instruction.
A debugger is a computer program that is used to test and "debug" other programs, mainly to solve programming bugs.
BBC Radio 5 Live Sports Extra is a digital radio station from the BBC.
A tropical storm warning is a special kind of weather advisory that is issued by the National Hurricane Center, when tropical storm effects are expected within 24 hours or less.
A tropical storm watch is a special kind of weather advisory that is issued by the National Hurricane Center, when tropical storm effects are a possible threat to an area within 36 hours.
In computing, firmware is a computer program that is "embedded" in a hardware device, for example a microcontroller.
Tropical Storm Edouard was a tropical storm that formed in the Gulf of Mexico.
Immunity aware programming is a set of programming techniques used while writing firmware for an embedded system, it is used mainly to overcome random errors that can occur in the CPU program counter or register set, RAM or any other that can cause failure of the "victim" device.
In algebra, the discriminant of a polynomial, which is equal to zero, with real or complex coefficients is a certain expression in these coefficients of the polynomial if and only if the polynomial has a multiple root  in the complex numbers.
A single event upset  is a change of state caused by a low-energy ions or electro-magnetic or nuclear radiation or any other kind of interferences that can reach  a sensitive node in a micro-electronic device, such as in a microprocessor, semiconductor memory, or power transistors.
Chris Gbandi is a football player.
Matthew Wolfenden is a football player.
Arthur Wharton is a former football player.
Hristo Stoichkov is a former football player.
Sandy Martens is a football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1924/1925.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1959/1960.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1998.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1966/1967.
Statistics of Italian Football Championship in season 1904.
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 1931.
Statistics of Divizia A in season 1983/1984.
Statistics of Divizia A in season 1984/1985.
Statistics of Divizia A in season 1985/1986.
Statistics of Divizia A in season 1986/1987.
C.
Egil Olsen is a former football player.
Franck Queudrue is a football player.
Craig Bellamy is a football player.
Derlei is a football player.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1925/1926.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1960/1961.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1999.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1967/1968.
Statistics of Italian Football Championship in season 1905.
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 1932.
Statistics of Divizia A in season 1987/1988.
Statistics of Divizia A in season 1988/1989.
Statistics of Divizia A in season 1989/1990.
Statistics of Divizia A in season 1990/1991.
Avril Ramona Lavigne Whibley  is a Canadian singer and songwriter.
Doctor Hannibal Lecter is a fictional serial killer.
Asunción , is the capital city and largest city of Paraguay.
Predestination is a religious concept, which is about the relationship between God and His creation.
Nightmare on Elm Street is a horror movie released in the US in 1984.
"Gladiolus"  is a genus of flowering plants in the iris family .
The Feathertail Glider , also known as the Pygmy Gliding Possum, Pygmy Glider, Pygmy Phalanger and Flying Mouse, is the world's smallest gliding mammal, and is named for its long feather-shaped tail.
The Sugar Glider  is a small marsupial originally native to eastern and northern mainland Australia, New Guinea, and the Bismarck Archipelago, and introduced to Tasmania.
The Bismarck Archipelago is a group of islands off the northeastern coast of New Guinea in the western Pacific Ocean and part of Papua New Guinea.
In common law legal systems, a precedent or authority is a legal case establishing a principle or rule that a court or other judicial body adopts when deciding subsequent cases with similar issues or facts.
"For the North American Ford Escort, see Ford Escort .
Ford Fiesta is a car made by Ford Motor Company from 1976 to the present day.
The European Ford Fusion is a car made by Ford Motor Company from 2002 to the present day.
Ford Galaxy is a car produced by Ford Motor Company from 1995 to the present day.
Ford C-Max is a car produced by Ford Motor Company from 2003 to the present day.
Ford S-Max is a car produced by Ford Motor Company from 2006 to the present day.
Ford Puma was a car produced by Ford Motor Company from 1997 through 2002.
Kilkenny, , is the county town of County Kilkenny in Ireland.
Ford Cougar was a car produced by Ford Motor Company from 1998 through 2002.
Ford Kuga is a car produced by Ford Motor Company from 2008 to the present day.
Ford Transit is a van produced by Ford Motor Company from 1965 to the present day.
Citroen XM was a car produced by Citroen from 1989 through 2000.
Citroen Xantia was a car produced by Citroen from 1993 through 2001.
The Gaeltacht Quarter in Belfast, Northern Ireland, is an area around the Falls Road in the west of the city.
The Quarters do not evenly divide the city into four and not all of Belfasts centre is part of a Quarter.
Citroen Xsara was a car produced by Citroen from 1997 through 2005.
Helsinki Olympic Stadium  is a sports stadium located in the capital of Finland, Helsinki.
Citroen Berlingo is a car and van produced by Citroen since 1996.
The DAX is a stock exchange in Frankfurt, Germany.
Peugeot Partner is a car and van produced by Peugeot since 1996.
Westminster Under School is a private preparatory school for boys aged 7 to 13 and is part of Westminster School in London.
A Furby (plural Furbies, according to Tiger.
Cinderella is a 1950 movie made by Disney based on the famous story of the same name.
Christianity is based on the Christian Bible.
This is a list of players who have scored five or more goals in a National Hockey League game.
In Brazil, the Civil Police  is the name of the investigative state police forces.
A spring scale is a weighing scale used to measure weight or force, such as the force of gravity, the strength of a persons grip or the power of a vehicle.
Churros'", sometimes called Spanish doughnuts, are fried-dough pastry-based snacks, sometimes made from potato dough, that originated in Spain.
"The Lion King 1½"  is the prequel to The Lion King made by The Walt Disney Company.
Friendly Floatees are a kind of plastic bath toys like ducks and other birds.
Animatronics is to use electronics and robotics in automated, magically moving puppets to make them appear to be alive.
The City of Halifax (est.
Scar is a fictional character and the main villain in Walt Disney Pictures' popular 1994 animated movie "The Lion King".
Pepe Le Pew is an animated skunk created by the Warner Brothers.
Puss Gets the Boot is the first Tom and Jerry episode.
Fraidy cat  is a slang term for a person who is very skittish or fearful.
This is a list of Tom and Jerry cartoons.
Woolworths is a group of Australian supermarkets.
Privatization is when a nationalized company is sold by the government to people who want to buy it.
One Canada Square is the tallest building in London, United Kingdom.
Chevrolet Monte Carlo was a car produced by Chevrolet from 1970 through 1988 and 1995 through 2007.
Plymouth Superbird was a car made by Plymouth Motor Company in 1970 only.
Dodge Charger Daytona was a car produced by Dodge in 1969 only.
Opel Combo is a van produced by General Motors since 1994 and is branded as Opel, Vauxhall, Holden and Chevrolet, depending on the market.
Citroen 2CV was a car produced by Citroen from 1949 through 1990.
Renault 4 was a car produced by Renault from 1961 through 1994.
Skoda Roomster is a car produced by Skoda Auto since 2006.
Volvo C30 is a car produced by Volvo since 2006.
Volkswagen Corrado was a car produced by Volkswagen from 1988 through 1995.
Volvo V70 is a car produced by Volvo since 1996.
Volvo V50 is a car produced by Volvo since 2004.
Ford Mondeo is a car produced by Ford Motor Company since 1993.
Volvo V40 was a car produced by Volvo from 1995 through 2004.
Volvo S40 is a car produced by Volvo since 1995.
El Hadji Diouf is a football player.
Dennis Wise is a former football player.
Ashley Ward is a former English football player.
Ivica Kralj (b.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1926/1927.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1961/1962.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 2000.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1968/1969.
Statistics of Italian Football Championship in season 1906.
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 1933.
Statistics of Divizia A in season 1991/1992.
Statistics of Divizia A in season 1996/1997.
Statistics of Divizia A in season 1997/1998.
Statistics of Divizia A in season 1998/1999.
Bit-level parallelism is a form of parallel computing based on increasing processor word size, depending on very-large-scale integration  technology.
1.
Data parallelism  is a form of parallel computing for multiple processors using a technique for distributing the data across different parallel processor nodes.
Task parallelism  is a form of parallel computing for multiple processors using a technique for distributing execution of processes and threads across different parallel processor nodes.
In Realtime Operating Systems , interrupt latency is the time between the generation of an interrupt by a device  and servicing the device which generated the interrupt.
Flavors of Entanglement is the seventh studio album by rock singer Alanis Morissette.
The thread switching latency is the time needed by the operating system to switch the CPU to run another thread.
The process switching latency is the time needed by the operating system to perform the process context switch to continue executing another process.
The Penguin is an enemy of Batman in DC Comics.He is played by Burgess Meredith in and by Danny DeVito in Batman Returns.
Batman , also known as Batman: The Movie, is a spin-off film of the 60's series.
A context switch is the computing process of saving and restoring the state  of a CPU such that multiple processes can share a single CPU resource.
A diamond jubilee is a celebration of a 60th anniversary for a person.
"The Jungle Book 2" is a 2003 animated movie film produced by DisneyToon Studios in Sydney, Australia.
King Louie is a fictional orangutan who kidnaps Mowgli in Disney's 1967 animated musical adaptation of The Jungle Book.
Cindy McCain  is an American business woman and wife of republican presidential candidate John McCain.
A thread in computer science is short for a "thread of execution".
Tilde de Paula is a swedish television host and presenter.
Sofia Wistam  is a swedish television host and radio talk-show host.
Gry Forssell  is a television presenter on TV4.
Cynthia McKinney  is an American politician and the 2008 presidential candidate for the Green Party.
A task is a set of program instructions that are loaded in memory, then the address registers is loaded with the initial address to start running the task.
Eddie Brock is a fictional character from the Spider-Man comic book universe.
In computing, a process is an instance of a computer program that is being sequentially executed by a computer system that has the ability to run several computer programs concurrently.
Abdul Aziz aka Imam Samudra aka Qudama  was an Indonesian sentenced to execution for his part in the 2002 Bali bombings.
Huda bin Abdul Haq  was an Indonesian sentenced to death for his role in the 2002 Bali bombings.
Ali Amrozi bin Haji Nurhasyim   was an Indonesian who was convicted for his part in the 2002 Bali bombing.
Louis "Studs" Terkel  was an American author, historian, actor, and broadcaster who lived in Chicago.
 is the Libertarian Party nominee for President of the United States in the 2008 election.
The 2002 Bali bombing occurred on 12 October 2002 in the tourist district of Kuta on the Indonesian island of Bali.
Multi-user is a term that defines an operating system, computer program, or a game that allows use by more than one users of the same computer at the same time.
The Flying squirrel is a sociable, noisy rodent that doesn't really fly; it glides from trees, using a flap of loose skin that connects its front and hind legs It can glide up to 150 feet , steering with its tail.
"S1m0ne" is a 2002 movie directed by Andrew Niccol.
Big Brother is a fictional character in George Orwell's book "Nineteen Eighty-Four".
The Sooty Mangabey , also called Tom Midwood and is an Old World monkey of Guinea Bissau, Gabon, Senegal and Ghana.
Joseph Byrne also known as Joe Byrne  was an Australian bushranger.
College basketball usually means the American basketball league that is led by the National Collegiate Athletic Association .
A public university is a university that is given money by the public or the government.
The University of Michigan–Flint is in Flint, Michigan, United States.
Shirley Mount Hufstedler  was United States Secretary of Education under President Jimmy Carter.
The University of Michigan–Dearborn is a university in Flint, Michigan, United States.
Margaret Spellings  is the current Secretary of Education under the administration of U.S.
Public Ivy is a term started by Richard Moll in his 1985 book "Public Ivys: A Guide to America's best public undergraduate colleges and universities".
Nundle is a village in the New England area of New South Wales, Australia.
The Midnight Snack is the second Tom and Jerry cartoon.
The Night Before Christmas is the third Tom and Jerry episode.
The National Library of Australia is Australia's largest reference library.
Breeza is a small village in New South Wales, Australia.
Retail are goods or items that are sold at one location such as department stores or by post, where the customer can order items from a retailer and have the items delivered by post or mail.
Mauro Zàrate  is a Argentine football player .
Gunnedah is a town in north-western New South Wales, Australia.
An instruction pipeline is a technique used in the design of modern microprocessors, microcontrollers and CPUs to increase their instruction throughput .
Sami Hyypiä  is a player from Finland playing for Liverpool F.C.
"Now That's What I Call Music! 29" is the 29th album in the original Now series.
Thrissur is one of the 14 districts of Kerala.
Michigan Territory was a territory of the United States in the early 19th century, between June 30, 1805 and January 26, 1837, when it became Michigan, the 26th state of the Union.
The Syro-Malabar Catholic Church is a Chaldean Rite, Major Archiepiscopal Church in the Roman Catholic Church.
The Jurassic Coast is a special bit of coastline that is between Orcombe Point near Exmouth in East Devon to Old Harry Rocks near Swanage in East Dorset.
In computer science, an instruction is a single operation of a processor defined by the processor instruction set.
Dihi Union Public Library is the first union-based public library in Bangaldesh.
Piacenza is a city in the region of Emilia-Romagna in Italy.
A superscalar CPU architecture implements a form of parallel computing called Instruction-level parallelism inside a single processor which allows faster CPU throughput at the same clock rate.
SA80 or "Small Arms of the 80's" is the name of a weapons family used by the British Army and Royal Marines, all are of bullpup design; meaning the magazine is placed behind the trigger allowing the weapon to be shorter yet still have a long barrel.
Geoff Bunn is an English artist.
Fred Yates  was an English artist.
Sauerbraten is a meat dish eaten mainly in Germany, but also neighbouring countries.
"The Economist" is a magazine published each week in England.
Our Lady of Guadalupe, also called the Virgin of Guadalupe is a 16th century Roman Catholic symbol of the Virgin Mary.
Poison is a glam metal band from Mechanicsburg, Pennsylvania.
Yao Ming  is a Chinese professional basketball player.
Raymond "Ray" Emery  is a professional ice hockey player.
In computer engineering, an execution unit is a part of a CPU  that performs specific operations or calculations.
The pre-1600 Atlantic hurricane seasons talks about all known Atlantic tropical cyclones before to 1600.
Atlantic hurricane seasons Pre-1600 1600s/1610s 30s 50s The decades of the 1600s and 1610s featured the 1600–1619 Atlantic hurricane seasons.
Valley Parade, also known by its sponsored name of the Coral Windows Stadium is a football stadium in Bradford in England.
Levi Lincoln, Sr.
James Rodney Schlesinger  was United States Secretary of Defense from 1973 to 1975 under presidents Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford.
Basis vector is the way of simply making magenta,yellow and red.
Simultaneous multithreading, acronym SMT, is a technique for improving the overall efficiency of superscalar CPUs with Hardware multithreading.
In computer engineering, out-of-order execution, OoOE, is a technique used in most high-performance microprocessors to make use of cycles that would otherwise be wasted by a certain type of costly delay.
In computer science, speculative execution is the execution of code, before being sure if the result will be needed.
In computer architecture, a branch predictor is the part of a processor that determines whether a conditional branch  in the instruction flow of a program is likely to be taken or not.
Key exchange is any method in cryptography by which cryptographic keys are exchanged between users, allowing use of a cryptographic system.
In cryptography, a secure channel is a way of transferring data that is very difficult  to overhear or copy  and understand : "decrypt") or change .
Terminology is the study of terms and their use.
Technical terminology is the specialized vocabulary of a field.
Althen-des-Paluds is a commune of 1988 people .
Ansouis is a commune of 1,105 people .
Apt is a commune of 11,229 people .
Aubignan is a commune of 3,877 people .
Aurel is a commune of 158 people .
Auribeau is a commune of 59 people .
Le Barroux is a commune of 615 people .
La Bastide-des-Jourdans is a commune of 964 people .
La Bastidonne is a commune of 677 people .
Le Beaucet is a commune of 352 people .
Beaumes-de-Venise is a commune of 2,070 people .
Beaumettes is a commune of 197 people .
Beaumont-de-Pertuis is a commune of 934 people .
Beaumont-du-Ventoux is a commune of 286 people .
Bédarrides is a commune of 5,110 people .
Bédoin is a commune of 2,609 people .
Blauvac is a commune of 337 people .
Bollène is a commune of 13,835 people .
Bonnieux is a commune of 1,417 people .
Brantes is a commune of 65 people .
Buisson is a commune of 264 people .
Buoux is a commune of 112 people .
Cabrières-d'Aigues is a commune of 819 people .
Cabrières-d'Avignon is a commune of 1,705 people .
The national flag of Oman  consists of three stripes  with a red bar on the left that contains the national emblem of Oman.
Cadenet is a commune of 3,950 people .
Caderousse is a commune of 2,496 people .
The National Emblem of Oman  consists of a khanjar dagger in a sheath that is superimposed upon two crossed swords.
Cairanne is a commune of 850 people .
Camaret-sur-Aigues is a commune of 3,553 people .
Caromb is a commune of 3,117 people .
Carpentras is a commune of 27,249 people .
Caseneuve is a commune of 355 people .
Castellet is a commune of 106 people .
Caumont-sur-Durance is a commune of 4,253 people .
Cavaillon is a commune of 24,563 people .
Châteauneuf-de-Gadagne is a commune of 2,838 people .
Châteauneuf-du-Pape is a commune of 2,078 people .
Cheval-Blanc is a commune of 3,524 people .
Courthézon is a commune of 5,364 people .
Crestet is a commune of 432 people .
Crillon-le-Brave is a commune of 398 people .
Cucuron is a commune of 1,828 people .
Entraigues-sur-la-Sorgue is a commune of 6,612 people .
Entrechaux is a commune of 869 people .
Faucon is a commune of 380 people .
Flassan is a commune of 341 people .
Fontaine-de-Vaucluse is a commune of 610 people .
Gargas is a commune of 196 people .
Gignac is a commune of 48 people .
Gigondas is a commune of 648 people .
Gordes is a commune of 2,092 people .
Goult is a commune of 1,285 people .
Grambois is a commune of 1,113 people .
Grillon is a commune of 1,686 people .
L'Isle-sur-la-Sorgue is a commune of 16,971 people .
Jonquerettes is a commune of 1,236 people .
Jonquières is a commune of 3,926 people .
Joucas is a commune of 317 people .
Lacoste is a commune of 408 people .
Lafare is a commune of 97 people .
Lagarde-d'Apt is a commune of 26 people .
Lagarde-Paréol is a commune of 297 people .
Lagnes is a commune of 1,674 people .
Lamotte-du-Rhône is a commune of 416 people .
Lapalud is a commune of 3,267 people .
Lauris is a commune of 3,102 people .
Lioux is a commune of 248 people .
Loriol-du-Comtat is a commune of 1,871 people .
Lourmarin is a commune of 1,119 people .
Malaucène is a commune of 2,669 people .
Malemort-du-Comtat is a commune of 1,203 people .
Maubec is a commune of 1,581 people .
Mazan is a commune of 4,943 people .
Ménerbes is a commune of 1,157 people .
Mérindol is a commune of 1,903 people .
Méthamis is a commune of 397 people .
Mirabeau is a commune of 907 people .
Voice over Internet protocol  is a general term used for phoning other computers using programs like Skype.
Vaucluse  is a department in the southeast of France.
Diffie-Hellman key exchange  is a cryptographic protocol that allows two parties that have no prior knowledge of each other to establish together a shared secret key over an insecure communications channel.
The British Royal Family is the group of close relatives of the monarch of the United Kingdom.
MQV  is an authenticated protocol for key agreement based on the Diffie-Hellman scheme.
Cher  is a department located in the centre of France.
Corrèze  is a department in south central France.
In computer science, runtime or run time describes the operation of a computer program, the duration of its execution, from beginning to termination.
A Java Virtual Machine  is a set of computer software programs and data structures which use a virtual machine model for the execution of other computer programs and scripts.
The Station-to-Station  protocol is a cryptographic key agreement scheme based on the classic Diffie-Hellman key exchange that provides mutual key and entity  authentication.
Internet Key Exchange  is the protocol used to set up a security association  in the IPsec protocol suite.
In cryptography, a shared secret is a piece of data only known to the parties involved in a secure communication.
Pagoda Tree or Chinese Scholar Tree  is a genus of flowering plants in the "Fabaceae" family.
Horsforth is a town near Leeds.
Atlantic hurricane seasons Pre-1600 10s 1620s/1630s 50s 70s The decades of the 1620s and 1630s featured the 1620–1639 Atlantic hurricane seasons.
Atlantic hurricane seasons 10s 30s 1640s/1650s 70s 90s The decades of the 1640s and 1650s featured the 1640–1659 Atlantic hurricane seasons.
In cryptography, a pre-shared key or PSK is a shared secret which was previously shared between the two parties using some secure channel before it is used.
Atlantic hurricane seasons 30s 50s 1660s/1670s 90s 10s The decades of the 1660s and 1670s featured the 1660–1679 Atlantic hurricane seasons.
Mutual authentication or two-way authentication  refers to two parties authenticating each other correctly.
Atlantic hurricane seasons 50s 70s 1680s/1690s 10s 30s The decades of the 1680s and 1690s featured the 1680–1699 Atlantic hurricane seasons.
Corse-du-Sud is a department located in the south of France.
Atlantic hurricane seasons 70s 90s 1700s/1710s 30s 60s Although not listed below, the Great Storm of 1703 that struck the Kingdom of England may have been a hurricane.
Haute-Corse is a department located in the south of France.
Atlantic hurricane seasons 90s 10s 1720s/1730s 50s 1760s The decades of the 1720s and 1730s featured the 1720–1739 Atlantic hurricane seasons.
Cote-d'Or is a department located in the center of France.
Atlantic hurricane seasons 10s 30s 1740s/1750s 1760s 1770s The decades of the 1720s and 1730s featured the 1740–1759 Atlantic hurricane seasons.
Cotes-d'Armor is a department located in the west of France.
Creuse is a department located in the center of France.
Dordogne is a department located in the center-west of France.
Atlantic hurricane seasons 10s 30s 1740s/1750s 1760s 1770s The decade of 1760s featured the 1760–1769 Atlantic hurricane seasons.
Doubs is a department located in the of France in the Franche-Comté region.
Drôme is a department located in the southeast of France in the Rhône-Alpes region.
Internet Protocol Security  is a suite of protocols for securing Internet Protocol  communications by authenticating and encrypting each IP packet of a data stream.
Eure is a department located in the northwest of France in the Haute-Normandie region.
Eure-et-Loir is a department located in the center of France in the Centre region.
In cryptography, a key-agreement protocol is a cryptographic protocol by which two or more parties can agree on a key in such a way that both have an effect on the results.
Atlantic hurricane seasons 50s 1760s 1770s 1780s 1790s The decade of 1770s featured the 1770–1779 Atlantic hurricane seasons.
Finistère is a department located in the west of France in the Bretagne region.
Atlantic hurricane seasons 1760s 1770s 1780s 1790s 1800s The decade of 1780s featured the 1780–1789 Atlantic hurricane seasons.
Atlantic hurricane seasons 1770s 1780s 1790s 1800s 1810s The decade of 1790s featured the 1790–1799 Atlantic hurricane seasons.
Atlantic hurricane seasons 1780s 1790s 1800s 1810s 1820s The decade of 1800s featured the 1800–1809 Atlantic hurricane seasons.
Atlantic hurricane seasons 1790s 1800s 1810s 1820s 1830s The decade of 1810s featured the 1810–1819 Atlantic hurricane seasons.
Atlantic hurricane seasons 1800s 1810s 1820s 1830s 1840s The decade of 1820s featured the 1820–1829 Atlantic hurricane seasons.
Atlantic hurricane seasons 1810s 1820s 1830s 1840s 1850s The decade of 1830s featured the 1830–1839 Atlantic hurricane seasons.
Jigglypuff is one of the 493 fictional species of Pokémon from the "Pokémon" media franchise owned by Nintendo and Game Freak.
Muhammad al-Qaim Bi-Amrillah   was the second Caliph of the Fatimids in Ifriqiya and ruled from 934 to 946.
Victoria Falls is a waterfall, found in south central Africa in the Zambezi River between southeast Zambia and northwest Zimbabwe.
Many people who are anti-nuclear, are against the use of nuclear power for electricity generation, since they think nuclear power is inherently dangerous.
Vicente López y Portaña  was a Spanish painter.
Pierre Jules Théophile Gautier  was a French poet, dramatist, novelist, journalist, and literary critic.
Anton Raphael Mengs  was a German painter.
El Escorial is a famous royal site in Spain.
The Governor of Alaska is the head of the executive branch of Alaska's government and the leader of the state's military.
A city council is a form of local government, usually covering a city or other urban area, such as a town.
"Fallout 3" is an action/role-playing game computer game.
Charles O.
Darrell Castle  is an American political figure, activist and lawyer from Memphis, Tennessee, and the 2008 vice-presidential candidate of the Constitution Party .
The Electoral College consists of 538 popularly elected people who formally select the President and Vice President of the United States.
Gard is a department located in the south of France in the Languedoc-Roussillon region.
Haute-Garonne is a department located in the south of France in the Midi-Pyrénées region.
Gers is a department located in the southeast of France in the Midi-Pyrénées region.
Gironde is a department located in the southeast of France in the Aquitaine region.
Hérault is a department located in the south of France in the Languedoc-Roussillon region.
Ille-et-Vilaine is a department located in the west of France in the Bretagne region.
Indre-et-Loire is a department located in the center of France in the Pays de la Loire region named after the river Loire.
Isère is a department located in the southeast of France in the Rhône-Alpes region.
Landes is a department located in the southwest of France in the Aquitaine region.
Loir-et-Cher is a department located in the center of France in the Pays de la Loire region.
Loire is a department located in the center of France in the Rhône-Alpes region.
Haute-Loire is a department located in the center of France in the Auvergne region.
Loiret is a department located in the center of France in the Centre region.
Lot is a department located in the south of France in the Midi-Pyrénées region.
Lot-et-Garonne is a department located in the southwest of France in the Aquitaine region.
Lozère is a department located in the south of France in the Languedoc-Roussillon region.
Maine-et-Loire is a department located in the west of France in the Pays de la Loire region.
Manche is a department located in the west of France in the Basse-Normandie region.
Marne is a department located in the northeast of France in the Champagne-Ardenne region.
Haute-Marne is a department located in the east of France in the Champagne-Ardenne region.
Meurthe-et-Moselle is a department located in the east of France in the Lorraine region.
Meuse is a department located in the east of France in the Lorraine region.
Morbihan is a department located in the west of France in the Bretagne region.
Nièvre is a department located in the center of France in the Bourgogne region.
Nord is a department located in the north of France in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region.
Oise is a department located in the north of France in the Picardie region.
Pas-de-Calais is a department located in the north of France in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region.
Puy-de-Dôme is a department located in the center of France in the Auvergne region.
Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a department located in the southwest of France in the Aquitaine region.
Hautes-Pyrénées is a department located in the southwest of France in the Midi-Pyrénées region.
Pyrénées-Orientales is a department located in the south of France in the Languedoc-Roussillon region.
Bas-Rhin is a department located in the east of France in the Alsace region.
Haut-Rhin is a department located in the east of France in the Alsace region.
Rhône is a department located in the center of France in the Rhône-Alpes region.
Haute-Saône is a department located in the east of France in the Franche-Comté region.
Saône-et-Loire is a department located in the center of France in the Bourgogne region.
Sarthe is a commune.
Savoie is a department located in the southeast of France in the Rhône-Alpes region.
Seine-Maritime is a department located in the northwest of France in the Haute-Normandie region.
Seine-et-Marne is a department located in the center of France in the Île-de-France region.
Yvelines is a department located in the center of France in the Île-de-France region.
Deux-Sèvres is a department located in the west of France in the Poitou-Charentes region.
Somme is a department located in the north of France in the Picardie region.
Tarn is a department located in the south of France in the Midi-Pyrénées region.
Tarn-et-Garonne is a department located in the south of France in the Midi-Pyrénées region.
Var is a department found in the southeast of France in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region.
Vendée is a department located in the west of France in the Pays de la Loire region.
Vienne is a department located in the west of France in the Poitou-Charentes region.
Haute-Vienne is a department located in the center of France in the Limousin region.
Vosges is a department located in the east of France in the Lorraine region.
Yonne is a department located in the center of France in the Bourgogne region.
The Zwentendorf power plant is a nuclear power plant in Zwentendorf an der Donau in Austria.
Territoire de Belfort is a department located in the east of France in the Franche-Comté region.
Essonne is a department located in the center of France in the Île-de-France region.
Hauts-de-Seine is a department located in the center of France in the Île-de-France region.
Seine-Saint-Denis is a department located in the center of France in the Île-de-France region.
Val-de-Marne is a department located in the center of France in the Île-de-France region.
Val-d'Oise is a department located in the center of France in the Île-de-France region.
Quimper is a town in France.
Baron Georges Léopold Chrétien Frédéric Dagobert Cuvier  was a French naturalist and zoologist.
George Washington Campbell  was an American statesman.
Samuel Chase , was an Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court and earlier was a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence as a representative of Maryland.
Santa Cruz de La Sierra, also known as Santa Cruz, is the largest city in Bolivia, capital city of the Santa Cruz department .
In computing, an arithmetic logic unit  is a digital circuit that performs arithmetic and logical operations.
A floating point unit  is a part of a computer system specially designed to carry out operations on floating point numbers.
An eating disorder is when someone begins eating too much, or when someone begins to avoid eating.
Derealization  is a change in the way someone views the world so that it seems unreal.
Paresthesia  is a feeling of tingling, prickling, or numbness with no permanent effects.
Perfectionism is the belief that one can and should be perfect.
The Garonne is a river that runs through northern Spain and the southwest France.
Physical abuse is a form of abuse which causes feelings of pain, injury, or other physical suffering.
Sexual abuse  is when one person forces another person to unwillingly commit any sexual act.
The Sakas were a population of Iranian nomadic tribesmen lived in the plains of Eurasia from Eastern Europe to China, from the Old Persian Period to the Middle Persian Period.
Hill Auditorium is the largest performance place on the University of Michigan campus in Ann Arbor in the United States.
Goulburn is a city in the Southern Tablelands of New South Wales, Australia.
Women's suffrage refers to women fighting to gain the right to vote.
Grenfell is a country town in the Central West of New South Wales, Australia.
Michael "Mike" Vernon  is a retired professional ice hockey player.
The UK general election, 1997 was held on 1 May 1997.
Metropolitan France is the part of France in Europe.
Justin Raimondo  is an American writer and the editorial director of the website Antiwar.com.
Chelsea Victoria Clinton  is the only daughter of Bill Clinton, former President of the United States, and his wife, Hillary Clinton, Senator for New York.
Crich  is a village in the English county of Derbyshire.
The Edwardian period or Edwardian era in the United Kingdom is the period covering the reign of King Edward VII, 1901 to 1910.
Detached Objectivity is a philosophical method for a person separating their own ideas and opinions from the observations they make.
Roderick Raynor "Rod" Paige , served as the 7th United States Secretary of Education from 2001 to 2005.
Joshua Brewster Bolten  is the current White House Chief of Staff serving U.S.
Alan Stephenson Boyd  was the first United States Secretary of Transportation, appointed by Lyndon Johnson in November 1966.
Mary E.
Grawp is a fictional character in the Harry Potter book series written by J.
Below is a timeline of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season, documenting all the storm formations, strengthening, weakening, landfalls, extratropical transitions, as well as dissipation.
A President-elect is a political candidate who has been elected president but who has not yet taken office.
The flag of Australia is a national flag.
The United States presidential election of 2000 was a contest between Democratic candidate Al Gore, then-Vice President, and Republican candidate George W.
The United States presidential election of 2004 was held on Tuesday, November 2, 2004, to elect the President of the United States.
In computer engineering, register renaming refers to a technique used to avoid unnecessary serialized execution of program instructions because of the reuse of the same registers by those instructions.
Chesterfield is a town in Derbyshire in England.
The rormation and evolution of the Solar System is the name for the many ideas describing how the Solar System began and how it will carry on changing.
In computer engineering, microarchitecture  is a description of the electrical circuitry of a computer, central processing unit, or digital signal processor that is sufficient for completely describing the operation of the hardware.
Southampton Corporation Tramways was a transport company opened in 1879 and closed in 1949.
"Can't Stop This Thing We Started" is a song by Bryan Adams.
Robert Graeme Pollock, known as Graeme,  was a national cricketer for South Africa.
Sir Garfield St Aubrun Sobers  is a former West Indian cricketer.
Uttoxeter is a small market town in Staffordshire, England.
The European Union Rule of Law Mission in Kosovo also called EULEX Kosovo is a contract between the European Union and Kosovo.
A Study circle is a small group of people who meet multiple times to discuss an issue.
Terry Nation  was a Welsh television screenwriter.
Rogério Mücke Ceni  better know as Rogério Ceni, is a Brazilian football player.
In mathmatical logic, Gödel's Incompleteness Theorem is the idea that all understanding is not complete.
Inauguration is a ceremony marking the beginning of a politician taking office or the opening of, for example, a bridge.
Beige is a very pale yellowish-cream color.
Dr.
United Republic of Pakistan was the territory of which formed the East Bengal provincial region and present-day Pakistan put together as one single nation in the period of 1947-1971.
Rubens Gonçalves Barrichello  is a Brazilian Formula Oneracing driver.
A digital signal processor  is a specialized microprocessor designed specifically for digital signal processing, generally used in real-time computing.
"Lies for the Liars" is a full-length album released in 2007 by The Used.
If Only You Were Lonely is the second album released by Hawthorne Heights.
Digital signal processing  is concerned with the processing of digital signals or analog signals after converting from analog to digital format.
Avaí Futebol Clube, or Avaí as they are usually called, is a Brazilian football team from Florianópolis in Santa Catarina, founded on September 1, 1923.
The Estádio Aderbal Ramos da Silva, usually called Estádio da Ressacada or just Ressacada, is a football stadium inaugurated on November 15, 1983 in Carianos neighborhood, Florianópolis, Santa Catarina, with a maximum capacity of approximately 19,000 people.
Ford Anglia was a car produced by Ford Motor Company from 1939 through 1967.
The national flag of France is the French Tricoulour or the Tricolour .
The national emblem of France has been a symbol of the country since 1953.
Democratic socialism is a branch of socialism which believes in democracy.
Opel Sintra was a car produced by General Motors from 1996 through 1999, and was branded as Opel, Vauxhall, Holden and Chevrolet, depending on the market.
Opel Zafira is a car produced by General Motors since 1999, and is branded as Opel, Vauxhall, Holden, and Chevrolet, depending on the market.
Opel Vectra was a car produced by General Motors from 1988 through 2008, and branded as Opel, Vauxhall, Holden, and Chevrolet, depending on the market.
A is the first letter of the alphabet.
Poison dart frog is the common name of a group of frogs in the family "Dendrobatidae".
"Stare at the Sun" is a 2004 single by American band Thrice.
"Phyllobates terribilis", the Golden Poison Frog or the Golden Dart Frog, is a poison dart frog endemic to the Pacific coast of Colombia.
The Space Race was a competition of space exploration between the Soviet Union and the United States, which lasted from 1957 to 1975.
Mercedes-Benz R-Class is a car made by Mercedes-Benz since 2006.
Mercedes-Benz C-Class is a car made by Mercedes-Benz since 1993.
Ford F-Series is a truck produced by Ford Motor Company since 1948.
The European Council  is the highest political body of the European Union.
INSEE  is the French national institute dor Statistics and Economic sutdies.
Manaphy is one of the 493 fictional species of Pokémon from the "Pokémon" franchise owned by Nintendo.
In psychology, anhedonia  is not finding happiness or pleasure in events that are normally pleasurable.
The CFP franc  is the currency used in the some of France's overseas colonies .
Pierre Corneille  was a French playwright.
Jean Racine  was a French playwright.
History.
Cinderella is a popular fairy tale.
.fr is the top-level domain  in France.
Cognitive Behavioral Therapy  is term that is used for many types of psychotherapeutic systems that deal with cognitions, interpretations, beliefs and responses.
In electronics, an analog-to-digital converter  is an electronic integrated circuit, which converts continuous signals to discrete digital numbers.
Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing  is a form of psychotherapy.
In electronics, a digital-to-analog converter  is a device for converting a digital  code to an analog signal .
A Digital Signal Controller  can be thought of as a hybrid of microcontrollers and DSP processors.
Naltrexone is an opioid receptor antagonist.
A proximity fuze  is a fuze that is made to create an explosive when the distance to the target becomes smaller than a set value or when the target passes through a given line.
PT Boats were motor torpedo boats .
Radar jamming is the emission of radio frequency signals to interfere with the work of a radar by flooding its receiver with noise or false information.
“to promote world peace and friendship through a Peace Corps, which shall make available to interested countries and areas men and women of the United States qualified for service abroad and willing to serve, under conditions of hardship if necessary, to help the peoples of such countries and areas in meeting their needs for trained manpower.” Since 1960, more than 190,000 people have served as Peace Corps volunteers in 139 countries.
The Great Society was a set of programs proposed or enacted in the United States by President Lyndon B.
Edward Seymour, 1st Duke of Somerset (c.
A sit-in or sit-down is a form of direct action that involves one or more persons nonviolently occupying an area for a protest.
Alden B.
The Strategic Defense Initiative  was a plan created by U.S.
Circa is the Latin word for "around" or "about".
Varg Vikernes is a black metal musician, convicted murderer, arsonist and political activist.
Spider-Man 2 is a 2004 movie and the sequel to the 2002 "Spider-Man" movie.
Eugène Henri Paul Gauguin  was a leading Post-Impressionist painter.
Puss in boots is a fairy tale.
"The Three Musketeers"  is a novel by Alexandre Dumas, père.
Mont Saint-Michel  is a rocky tidal island in Normandy, France.
"A Clockwork Orange" is a 1971 satirical science fiction movie version of a 1962 novel of the same name, written by Anthony Burgess.
Pasties (sing.
Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea  is a science fiction novel by French writer Jules Verne.
Henri-Marie Beyle  is better known by his pen name Stendhal.
Travis Landon Barker  is an American drummer.
Guy de Maupassant  was a popular 19th century French writer.
Prairie dogs are not dogs at all.
"The Hunchback of Notre Dame"  is a 1831 French novel written by Victor Hugo.
Pierre-Auguste Renoir  was a French artist.
Jean-Antoine Watteau  was a French painter whose brief career spurred the revival of interest in colour and movement , and brought back the almost forgotten Baroque idiom, which, in time became known as Rococo.
The 2003 Atlantic hurricane season officially began June 1, 2003 and officially ended on November 30, 2003.
Soggy biscuit  is a masturbation game played mostly by teenage groups in which the participants stand around a biscuit masturbating until ejaculating onto it; the last person to do so must eat the biscuit.
Hurricane Isabel was the costliest and deadliest hurricane in the 2003 Atlantic hurricane season.
Ferdinand Victor Eugène Delacroix  was a French Romantic artist regarded from the outset of his career as the leader of the French Romantic school.
Jean Louis Marie Eugène Durieu  was an early French photographer of nudes, known for making studies for Eugène Delacroix.
Anabolism is the set of metabolic pathways that make molecules from smaller units.
A period, also known as a full stop, in punctuation is a dot  that is at the end of a sentence.
S.H.E is a Taiwanese girl group with three people: Selina Ren, Hebe Tien, and Ella Chen.
Barry Dickins  is an Australian artist and writer of books and plays.
In electronics, a multiplexer or mux  is a device that selects one of many analog or digital input signals and outputs that one into a single output line.
In computing, input/output, or I/O, refers to the communication between a digital processing system, and the outside world – possibly a human, another processing system or a device.
An instruction set is a list of all the instructions with all their variations, that a processor can execute.
Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh is a Hindu nationalist organization in India.
In electrical engineering, power consumption often refers to the electrical energy over time supplied to operate an electrical appliance.
The Hindutva ideology is the central tenet of the organizations which advocate Hindu nationalism.
Phetchabun is a town in the Northeastern and the central of Thailand.
Very Long Instruction Word or VLIW refers to a CPU architecture designed to take advantage of instruction level parallelism  but at minimum level of hardware complexities.
Phetchabun  is one of the northern provinces  of Thailand.
Trang is the one of the southern provinces of Thailand.
Goatse.cx  was an Internet shock site.
Modesty  is the name for a number of norms of behaviour a society expects form the individual people that make up this society.
Minimal Instruction Set Computer  is a processor architecture with a very small number of basic instruction operations and corresponding opcodes.
Zoophilia is a type of paraphilia.
A One Instruction Set Computer  is an abstract computer that uses only one instruction .
In computer science, ZISC stands for Zero Instruction Set Computer, which refers to a chip technology based on pure pattern matching and absence of micro-instructions.
The Greco-Roman or Graeco-Roman world, refers to geographical regions and countries who were influenced by the language, culture, government and religion of the ancient Greeks and Romans.
Peoples Temple was an organization founded in 1955 by Jim Jones that, by the mid-1970s, possessed over a dozen locations in California including its headquarters in San Francisco.
"Lotus" is a genus of the Pea family.
Regina Spektor is a singer-songwriter and pianist.
In microarchitecture micro-operations , are detailed low-level instructions used in some designs to implement complex machine instructions in which each instruction is composed of a set of low-level micro-ops.
The Bulldog, known as the British Bulldog or English Bulldog, is a medium-size breed of dog that originated in England.
Introduction.
Defecation is the scientific name for the final stage of digestion, which is the act of taking away solid, semisolid or liquid waste from the body, known as "Faeces ".
The flag of Turkey  consists of a white crescent moon and a star on a red background.
The flag of Saudi Arabia is the flag used by the government of Saudi Arabia since March 15, 1973.
The Saudi Arabian coat of arms  was adopted in 1950.
Child pornography  refers to written or electronic material showing or describing children who are in erotic poses or having sex.
Felching is a human sexual practice in which one person sucks semen or other fluids are sucked out of the vagina or anus of a another person.
Hawk Nelson is a Christian rock band from Peterborough, Ontario, Canada.
Child prostitution is a term that refers to children working as prostitutes, in other words children who get paid to have sex.
"Hawk Nelson is my Friend" is the latest album by Christian rock band Hawk Nelson.
Child grooming is a word for actions an adult takes to become friends with a child.
The Cynics  were an important group of philosophers from the ancient school of Cynicism.
The Jardim Botânico de Curitiba, in Portuguese, or the Botanical Garden of Curitiba, in English, is also known as the "Jardim Botânico Fanchette Rischbieter".
Samekh or Simketh is the fifteenth letter in many Semitic alphabets, including Phoenician, Hebrew, and Aramaic, representing.
Aleph is the first letter of the Hebrew alphabet.
Mem is the thirteenth letter of the Hebrew alphabet.
Nun is the fourteenth letter of the Hebrew alphabet.
Yodh  is the tenth letter of the Hebrew alphabet.
Thee Michelle Gun Elephant  was a Japanese punk band.
This page is an incomplete list of awards and nominations of Shahrukh Khan, an Indian actor.
Gauri Khan   born 8 October 1970 is an Indian movie producer.
Computer performance is characterized by the amount of useful work accomplished by a computer system compared to the time and resources used.
The Chittagong Hill Tracts  comprise an area of 13,180 km2 in south-eastern Bangladesh, and borders India and Myanmar .
In cryptography, a trusted third party  is an entity which makes interactions between two parties easy.
The term Needham-Schroeder protocol can refer to one of two communication protocols intended for use over an insecure network, both protocols designed by Roger Needham and Michael Schroeder.
Poverty in Pakistan is a growing concern.
Kerberos  is a computer network authentication protocol, which allows parties or individuals communicating over a non-secure network to prove their identity to one another in a secure manner.
In cryptography, a key distribution center  is part of a cryptosystem intended to minimize the risks of exchanging keys and shared secrets.
Alonzo Church  was an American mathematician and logician who made major contributions to mathematical logic and the foundations of theoretical computer science.
A software suite or application suite is a set of computer programs, of related purpose, often sharing a more-or-less common user interface and can exchange data with each other.
Ayin is the sixteenth letter of the Hebrew alphabet.
Dalet  is the fourth letter of the Hebrew alphabet.
Bet, Beth, or Vet is the second letter of the Hebrew alphabet.
Gimel is the third letter of the Hebrew alphabet.
He is the fifth letter of the Hebrew alphabet.
Waw   is the sixth letter of the Hebrew alphabet.
A pornographic actor/actress or a porn star is somebody who appears in pornographic films.
Friend Like That is a Pop punk song released by the band Hawk Nelson.
Nonviolence is a philosophy that rejects the use of physical violence.
Abolitionism was a movement that wanted to abolish slavery in Europe and the Americas.
"The Outsiders" is a novel by S.
Civil disobedience is the active refusal to obey certain laws, demands and commands of a government, or of an occupying power, without resorting to physical violence.
Henry David Thoreau  was an American author, naturalist and philosopher.
Saying Sorry is a song by Hawthorne Heights released in 2006 from their second album, If Only You Were Lonely.
The Love Parade is a big festival centered around Techno music.
The Silence in Black and White is the first album released by Hawthorne Heights.
"The Gamblers" is a German drama film directed and written by Sebastian Bieniek.
Dr.
Naturism or nudism  is a term used for many movements in society.
The Mediterranean region is the region surrounding the Mediterranean Sea.
The Turkic languages are a language family of some thirty languages.They are spoken by Turkic peoples across an area from Eastern Europe and the Mediterranean to Siberia and Western China.
Pierre de Frédy, Baron de Coubertin  was a French teacher and historian.
Chamonix is a French communes next to the Mont Blanc.
Albertville is a French commune in the Savoie department.
A bijection  is a function that is both injective and surjective.
Shin is the twenty-first letter in the Hebrew alphabet.
Lamed or Lamedh is the twelfth letter in the Hebrew alphabet.
The Kansas Turnpike is a road in Kansas, part of the United States.
Calvin Klein Inc.
"Merrie Melodies" is the name of a series of animated cartoons distributed by Warner Bros.
Life.
Time machines are fictional machines.
Subscript is the text which a small letter/number is written after a particular letter/number.
Superscript is the small letter / number above a particular letter / number.
The middle is a 2001 song released by Jimmy Eat World from their album, Bleed American its the third song from their album.
Bleed american is the fourth album released by Jimmy Eat World and was made available in 2001.
The Blackpool tramway runs from Blackpool to Fleetwood.
The Ancient Church of the East separated from the Assyrian Church of the East.
A Territorial collectivity  in the French Republic, is a name for all dependent areas.
In telecommunications, cleartext is the form of a message or data which is in a form that is immediately understandable to a human being without additional processing.
A print server, or printer server, is a computer or device that is connected to one or more printers and to a network, it accepts print jobs from client computers then prints the jobs on the requested printer.
The Network Time Protocol  is a protocol for distributing the Coordinated Universal Time  by synchronizing the clocks of computer systems over IP networks.
Project Athena was a joint project of MIT, Digital Equipment Corporation, and IBM.
A session key is a single-use symmetric key used for encrypting all messages in one communication session.
"Kite Runner" is a 2003 book writen by Khaled Hosseini.
The combined oral contraceptive pill  often shortened to birth-control pill or simply the pill is a contraceptive for women.
In computer science, synchronization refers to one of two different but related concepts: synchronization of processes, and synchronization of data.
In Computer science client-server is a software architecture model consisting of two parts, client systems and server systems, both communicate over a computer network or on the same computer.
The mainstream includes all popular culture, usually circulated by mass media.
Opel Agila is a car produced by General Motors since 2000, and is branded as Opel, Vauxhall, Holden and Chevrolet, depending on the market.
Top Heatseekers is a weekly music chart for albums introduced by "Billboard" in 1993.
Zoo Entertainment was an American record label, and a part of BMG.
A subculture is a group of people with a culture  which makes them different from the larger culture that they belong to, known as the "dominate" culture.
Wingfield is a village in the county of Wiltshire, England, United Kingdom.
Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck is the fifth Dragon King of Bhutan.
Late Registration is the second album of American singer Kanye West, released on August 30, 2005 by the label Roc-A-Fella Records.
Santa Clara  is one of the twenty-four barangays comprising the municipality of Santa Maria, Bulacan, in the Philippines.
"Furby" was a television series made in 1998 on Nickelodeon and on 2002 on NickToons TV.
Lapis lazuli is a metamorphic rock.
Royan is a city in the south west of France near the Atlantic Ocean and the Gironde estuary.
"Spider-Man 3" is a 2007 superhero movie directed by Sam Raimi.
Controlled natural languages  are artificial languages built by simplifying the grammar and reducing the number of words in the language to avoid ambiguity or complexity.
An artificial language is a language made by people.
Benozzo Gozzoli  was an Italian Renaissance painter.
"I Am...
Gary Reht Shearston  is an Australian singer and songwriter.
The Flame in All of Us is the last album released by Thousand Foot Krutch.
Falls Apart was a single released by Thousand Foot Krutch in 2007.
Favorite Disease is the name of a single released by Thousand Foot Krutch taken from their album The Flame in All of Us it's the fifth song on the album.
Cowra is a city in the central west of New South Wales, Australia.
Network computing is when computers work together over a network.
A loan is a type of debt.
A mortgage is a way to use one's real property, like land, a house, or a building, as a guarantee for a loan to get money.
In computer network and computer science, digital bandwidth or just bandwidth is the capacity for a given system to transfer data over a connection.
Niki FM is a song recorded and released as a Single by Hawthorne heights JT their singer has said it's his favorite to play live and the most personal song on the album.
Gears of War 2 is a third-person shooter videogame made by Epic Games and published by Microsoft.
Epic Games are a videogame company based in North Carolina, USA.
In mathematics, a Riemann sum is a sum that makes an approximation of the total area underneath a curve on a graph.
The Beatitudes are a list of traits that christians should follow.
Asceticism  is a word that describes a certain life-style.
St.
In Hinduism, sadhu is a common term for an ascetic or someone who practices yoga .
Digambar is one of the two main sects of Jainism, the other is Svetambar.
Squidward Tentacles is a character from television show Spongebob Squarepants.
Afro-Asian, or Blasian, means a person of mixed race.
Adam Bernard Mickiewicz  was a heavily influential national Polish Romantic poet, generally regarded as the greatest figure in Polish literature, especially known for his epic poem "Pan Tadeusz".
In cryptography, RC6 is a symmetric-key block cipher derived from RC5.
In cryptography, RC5 is a simple symmetric-key block cipher.
Altaic is suggested as a language family.
The Mongolian language  is the best-known member of the Mongolic language family and the language of most of the residents of Mongolia, where it is officially written with the Cyrillic alphabet and of around three million Mongolian speakers in the "Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region" of China, where it is officially written with the traditional Mongolian script.
In cryptography, RC2 is a symmetric-key block cipher.
The 1999 East Timorese crisis was a conflict.
This Is Who We Are is a single released by Hawthorne Heights from their album If Only You Were Lonely in 2006.
Ohio Is for Lovers is a single released by Hawthorne Heights it came from their first album The Silence in Black and White The lyrics are one of the main reasons why the band are considered to be Emo.
Godiva  was an Anglo-Saxon noblewoman.
A scandal is a very public incident which involves a claim of wrong-doing, shame, or moral offence.
Countdown to Extinction is the fifth studio album by American thrash metal band Megadeth.
Manchester is a city and metropolitan borough of Greater Manchester, England.
There have been nine goaltenders who have scored a goal in a National Hockey League  game.
51 Pegasi b, also called Bellerephon or 51 Peg b, is the first extrasolar planet that was discovered orbiting a main-sequence star.
Sirrako Ioanninon is a mountainous Greek village.
A cryptographic protocol  is an abstract or an existing protocol that performs a security-related function and applies cryptographic methods.
This is a list of islands that are part of Greece.
At present Iran and India are two countries where incidents of religious persecution are periodically reported.
Persecution of Christians is the religious persecution of Christians.
Religious violence means violence against a group of people of one religion by a group of people of another region.
Telugu Cinema , refers to the cinema in Telugu language, sometimes referred as Tollywood, a portmanteau of "Telugu" and "Hollywood".
Sandalwood is a nice-smelling wood and also the oil made from it.
The Tamil film industry is the filmmaking industry of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Oriya Film Industry or Ollywood refers to the Bhubaneswar and Cuttack based Oriya film industry in the Republic Of India.
Malayalam cinema refers to films made in the Indian state of Kerala in the Malayalam language.
Teri Yaad is the first-ever feature film released in Pakistan after the partition of India on 7 August 1948, on Eid day.
The bird and the bee sides is a 2008 album released by Relient K on July 2nd.
Mukh O Mukhosh    was the first Bengali language feature film to be made in the former .
Livadeia is a Greek town.
Atlantic hurricane seasons 1820s 1830s 1840s 1850s 1860s The decade of 1840s featured the 1840–1849 Atlantic hurricane seasons.
Jibon Theke Neya  is a Bengali film by eastern Pakistani filmmaker Zahir Raihan.
"Pheray" was a Pakistani Punjabi film released on August 3, 1949.
"Live! Live! Live!" is a live album released by Bryan Adams in 1988.
"MTV Unplugged" is an acoustic live album by Canadian musician Bryan Adams.
"So Far So Good" is a compilation album by Bryan Adams, released by A&M Records in November 1993.
"The Best of Me" is a greatest hits album by Canadian singer Bryan Adams.
"Anthology" is a compilation album by Canadian singer-songwriter Bryan Adams which contains songs he recorded from 1978 through 2005.
Universal Music Group  is the largest business group and family of record labels in the recording industry.
Bryan Adams is a Canadian singer-songwriter and guitarist.
Bryan Adams is an Canadian rock musician, who started his solo carrier in 1979 in Kingston, Ontario.
Rush is a Canadian rock band originally formed in August 1968, in the Willowdale neighbourhood of Toronto, Ontario, currently comprised of bassist, keyboardist, and lead vocalist Geddy Lee, guitarist Alex Lifeson, and drummer and songwriter Neil Peart.
In a witch hunt people searched for witches or evidence that witchcraft was done.
Kaneez is a Pakistani Urdu black and white film directed by renown director Hassan Tariq and produced by Hassan Tariq and Ali Sufiyan Afaqi.
Armaan , the Pakistani Urdu melodramatic black and white film, produced by Waheed Murad and directed by Pervaiz Malik.
Badnaam, is a Pakistani Urdu language film, the film was released on September 2, 1966.
Chakori is a Pakistani Urdu feature film.
Insaniyat   is a Pakistani Urdu black and white film produced by A.
"Doraha" is a 1967 Pakistani Urdu movie.
Ehsaan, a Pakistani Urdu black & white film, was another melodious presentation by Waheed & Malik combination.
Zinda Laash is a 1967 Pakistani Urdu feature film, directed by Khwaja Sarfraz.
Anjuman, a Pakistani Urdu colour film, was released on 31 July, 1970, starring Waheed Murad, Rani, Deeba, Santosh Kumar, Sabiha Khanam and Lehri.
Naseeb apna apna is a Pakistani Urdu black and white film directed by Qamar Zaidi and produced by Waheed Murad.
Tehzeeb, is a Pakistani Urdu film, It was released on November 20, 1971.
Sipah Salar, is a Pakistani Urdu feature film it was released in 1972.
Modène is a commune of 275 people .
Baharon Ki Manzil is a 1973 Pakistani film directed by S.
Mondragon is a commune of 3,363 people .
Jaal, a 1973 Pakistani Urdu colour film, is a musical and romantic film produced by Waheed Murad and directed by Iftikhar Khan.
Aina,  also known as The Mirror, is a 1974 Pakistani film directed by Nazr-ul-Islam.
Beyond the Last Mountain  is a Pakistani English language film directed and written by Javed Jabbar.
Maula Jatt  is one of the most popular films in the history Pakistani cinema.
The Blood of Hussain is a Pakistani film directed by Jamil Dehlavi and released in 1980 .
"Shanee" is a 1989 Pakistani film starring Babra Sharif, Sheri Malik and Ghulam Mohiuddin and directed by Saeed Rizvi.
The Argun River  runs through the northern Caucasus, Georgia, and the Chechen Republic of Russia.
Capitán Sarmiento is a town in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.
"Please Forgive Me" is a single by Canadian rock singer Bryan Adams from 1993.
BBC Children in Need is a British charity appeal.
"Have You Ever Really Loved a Woman?" is a 1995 song written by Bryan Adams, Michael Kamen and Robert John "Mutt" Lange for the film "Don Juan DeMarco".
Pink Floyd are an English progressive rock band.
Port Said Governorate  is one of the governorates of Egypt.
The Indus Valley Bullfrog  is a large species of frog found in Pakistan and the Republic of India.
The Potwari or Pahari-Potwari language  is an Indo-European language spoken from the Potwar district around Rawalpindi, Pakistan to the Cease-fire Line  of Indian administered Kashmir de-facto border in the Mirpur and Kotli district of Pakistan-administered Kashmir, and as well as in Sui Cheemian  It is closely related to Punjabi.
Chris Melling (b.
Oriya  is an Indian language, mainly spoken in the Indian state of Orissa.
Aulaad a Pakistani Urdu movie.
Sangam is a Pakistani Urdu movie released in 1964.
Diya Aur Toofan " is a Pakistani Urdu romantic comedy film starring a crazy doctor and the man who falls in love with his daughter.
"Hero" is 1985 a Pakistani Urdu movie.
"Bulandi"  is a 1990 Pakistani Urdu movie.
"Haseena Atom Bomb" is a 1990 cult Pakistani movie.
"Jeeva"  is a 1995 Urdu movie.
Jo Darr Gya Woh Marr Gya  is a Pakistani Urdu film which starred Neeli, Javed Sheikh, Atiqa Odho, Reema and Nadeem.
Mushkil (Urdu: مشکل, lit.
Sargam is a Pakistani Urdu movie.
Chor Machaye Shor  is a Pakistani Urdu movie.
Ghoongat   is an Urdu film released in the summer of 1996.
Deewane Tere Pyaar Key  is an Urdu film which was released in March 1997.
Sangam is a Pakistani Urdu released in 1997, directed by Syed Noor staring Resham, Shaan, Salim Sheikh and Sana.
Jinnah is a film about the life of the founder of Pakistan, Muhammad Ali Jinnah.
A good description of most of the storms this season is "short lived." Hurricane One.
Sandalwood encompasses movies made in the Indian state of Karnataka.
Monrovia is a city in California, United States.
Responsible government is a principle of some democratic governments.
vistlip is a Japanese rock band.
History.
Joseph Nathaniel French, Sr.
"The Piper at the Gates of Dawn" is Pink Floyd's debut album and the only one made under Syd Barrett's leadership, although he made some contributions to the follow-up, "A Saucerful of Secrets".
"It's Only Love" is a hit rock duet recorded by Grammy Award winning singers Bryan Adams and Tina Turner.
Anna Mae Bullock, better known by her stage name Tina Turner  is an American singer, dancer and entertainer.
"Here I Am" is a song by Canadian singer Bryan Adams.
"Open Road" is the first single from Bryan Adams' 2004 album "Room Service".
Ithaca is a city in US State of New York, America.
Ithaca  is one of the Ionian Islands on the west coast of Greece.
The clitoral glans  is a part of the clitoris found on the outside of the vagina.
The Israeli-Palestinian conflict is an ongoing dispute between the State of Israel and the Palestinians.
"RPM" was a Canadian music magazine that had song and album charts for Canada.
The UK Singles Chart is compiled by The Official UK Charts Company  on behalf of the British record industry.
The Grammy Award for Best Song Written for a Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media has been awarded since 1988.
Bonnie Lynn Raitt  is an American blues singer-songwriter who was born in Burbank, California.
Melanie Chisholm is an English singer-songwriter and television personality best known as one of the five members of the English girl group Spice Girls, who was nicknamed "Sporty Spice".
Chicane is an electronic music act, and the project of English musician and record producer Nick Bracegirdle.
Long play  record albums are 33⅓ rpm vinyl Gramophone records , generally either 10- or 12-inches in diameter.
"Wish You Were Here" is a concept album by Pink Floyd.
"Animals" is a concept album by English progressive rock band Pink Floyd, released on 23 January 1977 in the United Kingdom and on 2 February 1977 in the United States.
"The Wall" is a rock opera presented as a double album by the English progressive rock band Pink Floyd, released in late 1979.
Space rock is a subgenre of rock music; the term originally referred to a group of early mostly British 1970s progressive rock and psychedelic bands such as Hawkwind and Pink Floyd, characterised by slow, lengthy instrumental passages dominated by synthesisers, experimental guitar work and science fiction lyrical themes, though it was later repurposed to refer to a series of late 1980s British alternative rock bands that drew from earlier influences to create a more melodic but still ambient form of pop music.
"The Final Cut" is a rock album by Pink Floyd recorded at various studios in the UK from July to December 1982.
"A Momentary Lapse of Reason" is Pink Floyd's 1987 album, the band's first release after the departure of Roger Waters from the band in 1985.
Mmhmm is the Fourth album released by Relient k it has other spellings because it's a strange word it's different to the bands previous albums, because it's heavier but also softer at times with the music.
I So Hate Consequences is a single released by Relient K from their album Mmhmm it was only played on Christian radio it appeared on their official website for a long time.
High of 75 is a single released by Relient k from their fourth album, mmhmm it was played much on christian radio, and charted somewhere around #30 The singer of this song and the band named Matt thiessen said himself that the song was inspired by the weather in Ohio they couldn't depend on the changing of it.
Aboriginal Art is a type of art native to the Australian Aboriginals.
Now or Never is the first song off the soundtrack from.
What Time Is It? is a song off the soundtrack for High School Musical 2.
In Christian eschatology, the Last Judgment, Final Judgment, Judgment Day, or Day of the Lord is the judgment by God of all nations.
List of the Presidents of Poland  and other Polish heads of state since 1918  Government in exile .
The bilateral relations between the Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal and the Islamic Republic of Pakistan were fully established between 1962 and 1963.
Pakistan is one of several countries to have diplomatic and trade relations with North Korea.
AEK (Greek: "A.E.K.
Progesterone is a steroid hormone.
The theory known as spontaneous generation held that complex, living organisms are generated by decaying organic substances.Mice might spontaneously appear in stored grain or maggots could spontaneously appear in meat.
The Black-necked Crane, "Grus nigricollis" also known as Tibetan Crane is a large bird and medium-sized crane, at 139 cm  long, 235 cm  wingspan and 5.5 kg .
"This article is about the French dish, for the 2007 movie, see Ratatouille ." Ratatouille  is a traditional French Provençal stewed vegetable dish, originating in Nice.
Die Welt is a German newspaper.
die tageszeitung, short taz is a German newspaper.
Benrath is a part of Düsseldorf.
Wallabies are marsupials from the islands of Australia, Tasmania, New Zealand and New Guinea.
History.
is located in the lower portion of northern Thailand.
There are many attractive places in Thailand that I want to recommend you.
According to these five musician statues, the women in Tarawadee period always have long hair and put up their hair in a bun or coil, wear decorations, and wear only one cloth and breast cloth.
Beat Crusaders are a Japanese rock band.
Sound Horizon is a Japanese musical group.
Nishi-Hachioji is a city in Tokyo, Japan.
John Vane was an Australian bushranger who became a member of Ben Hall's gang.
Aik Aur Love Story  is a Pakistani Urdu film directed by the Pakistani pop singer Sajjad Ali.
Guns and Roses - Ik Junoon  is a Pakistani film which was released in 1999, and it starred Shaan, Resham, Meera and Faisal Rehman.
Inteha  is a Pakistani Urdu film which was released in 1999 across theaters in Pakistan.
Kursi Aur Qanoon is a Pakistani Punjabi film directed by Syed Noor.
Mujhe Jeene Do is a 1999 Urdu film directed by Javed Sheikh.
In Computer science Cloud computing is a systems architecture model for Internet-based computing, it is the development and use of computer technology on the Internet.
Avant-garde music, or experimental music, is a type of music that is meant to push the boundaries of "what music is." It started in the 1940s and 1950s after World War II.
The Red Deer is one of the largest deer species.
The Almond ("Prunus dulcis", syn.
Lisa Gerrard  is an Australian musician, singer and composer who rose to fame as part of the group Dead Can Dance with former music partner Brendan Perry.
The stop sign is a sign which is often met at crossroads, when a road hasn't traffic lights.
Salwar kameez  is a traditional dress worn by both women and men in Southern Asia.
Zayin is the seventh letter of the Hebrew alphabet.
Resh is the twentieth letter of the Hebrew alphabet.
Ocimum tenuiflorum  in Sanskrit and Hindi,  in Malayalam,  in Tamil,  in Kannada, Maduruthala in Sinhalese) is an plant in the family Lamiaceae.
Allspice  is a spice which is the dried unripe fruit of the "Pimenta dioica" plant, a tree native to the West Indies, southern Mexico and Central America.
The Northern Cardinal "" is a North American bird in the Cardinal family.
The peony or paeony  is the only genus in the flowering plant family Paeoniaceae.
American tulip tree , also called tulip poplar or yellow poplar is a type of tree.
ActionScript is a scripting language similar to Javascript.
Kisean Anderson  better known by his stage name Sean Kingston'", is a Jamaican reggae singer and rapper.
"Galaga" is a sci-fi arcade game released by Namco in 1981.
Funker Vogt is a German aggrotech band, formed by Gerrit Thomas and Jens Kästel in 1995.
Metropolis Records is a Philadelphia, Pennsylvania based record label, distributor, and mail-order store specializing in the electro-industrial, synthpop, futurepop, darkwave, and gothic musical genres.
Apoptygma Berzerk is a Norwegian musical group.
VNV Nation are an electronic music band originally from Wexford and London, now based in Hamburg, that combines elements of trance, synthpop and electronic body music , into what they call futurepop.
Synthpop is a subgenre of New Wave and pop music in which the synthesizer is the main musical instrument.
Futurepop is an electronic dance music genre, incorporating influences from synthpop , uplifting trance , and EBM.
Blutengel  is a German futurepop musical group with a gothic appearance.
"The Host" is a 2008 science-fiction/romance book by Stephenie Meyer.
Pearl "Polly" Adler  was a Russian-born madam and author.
Morse code is a type of character encoding that transmits telegraphic information using rhythm.
Chives are herbs which are related to the onion.
The Premier of New South Wales is the leader of the New South Wales government.
Excitebike  is a motocross racing video game series made by Nintendo.
Morris Iemma  was the 40th Premier of New South Wales from 3 August 2005 to 5 September 2008.
Lukáčovce is a village and in the Nitra District in western central Slovakia.
The Houbara Bustard, Chlamydotis undulata, is a large bird in the bustard family.
The Sindh Ibex or Turkman Wild Goat  is a vulnerable wild goat native to Iran, Iraq, Turkmenistan Pakistan within Pakistan it is the Provincial animal of Sindh.
The White-crested Kalij Pheasant "" is one sub-species of the Kalij Pheasant , western most subspecies of Lophura leucomelanos; western Himalayas in parts of northern India, as well some areas of western Nepal and northern-western Pakistan.
Juniperus squamata  is a species of juniper native to the Himalaya and China, from northeastern Afghanistan within Pakistan it is the Provincial tree of Afghania east to western Yunnan in southwestern China, and with disjunct populations north to western Gansu and east to Fujian.
The Rose-ringed Parakeet , also known as the Ringnecked Parakeet, is a tropical parakeet species.
Saludos Amigos is a 1942 movie made by Walt Disney Pictures that takes place in Latin America.
Pakistani-American relations are the transatlantic relations between the United States of America and Pakistan.
Ghar Kab Ao Gey is Pakistani Urdu language film directed by Iqbal Kashmiri which was released across theaters in Pakistan in Eid-ul-Fittar January 9 2000.
Tere Pyar Mein   is a Pakistani film which was released in December 2000.
Electronic body music  is a music genre that mixes together parts of industrial music and electronic dance music.
The Birthday Massacre is a synthpop band, based in Toronto, Canada.
Clive Barker  is an English author, movie director and visual artist.
"Hellraiser" is a 1987 British horror film exploring the themes of sadomasochism, pain as a source of pleasure, and morality under duress and fear.
Sesame  is a flowering plant in the genus "Sesamum".
Pedaliaceae  is a flowering plant in the Scrophulariales family.
The Komodo dragon  is a species of lizard that lives in the islands of Komodo, Rinca, Flores, Gili Motang, and Gili Dasami, in central Indonesia.
Organized crime is a group or groups of people, usually mobsters and other criminals, who work to make money in an illegal way.
Pens and Needles is a song by American Emo band Hawthorne Heights.
"The Singles 1992-2003" is a greatest hits album by the American alternative rock band No Doubt.
Sugar in the Engine is a song by Hawthorne Heights.
Nathan Karl Kress  is an American teen actor and voice actor.
A monster truck is a vehicle usually styled after a pickup truck.
The Harlem Globetrotters are an exhibition basketball team that combines athleticism and comedy.
Burt Ward  is an American television actor and activist.
"Batman" is a 1960s American television series, based on the DC comic book character Batman.
A graduate school  is a school that gives advanced academic degrees, such as doctoral degrees with the usual requirement that students must have an undergraduate  degree.
The SAT Reasoning Test  is a test for college admissions in the United States.
Charles "Lucky" Luciano  was a Sicilian mobster.
The Genovese crime family is one of the "Five Families" that controls organized crime activities in New York City, within the nationwide criminal phenomenon known as the Mafia .
The ACT is an achievement test for college admissions in the United States made by ACT, Inc.
The Pakistan Declaration  was a pamphlet published in January 1933 by Choudhary Rahmat Ali in which the word Pakistan was used for the first time.
A pamphlet is a small book without a hard cover or binding).
Pattaya has been a popular place in Thailand for many years, because Pattaya is not far from Bangkok so it’s suitable to take a rest on vacation.
Vernon Chatman  is an Emmy Award winning American television producer, writer, voice actor, comedian and musician.
Wat Phrasri Rattana Sasadaram or Wat Phrakaew is the only temple in Bangkok that does not have monks.
Phuket is largest island in Thailand, the same size of Singapore.
Yasothon is a town in the Isan region of Thailand.
Thai Food.
Lopburi is in the center of Thailand and it's suitable for cultivating.
Volkswagen Golf is a car produced by Volkswagen since 1974.
Rajasthan is a state in northwestern India.
Uttar Pradesh is a state in northern India.
Karnataka is a state within the Republic of India.
Assam is a state in the north eastern region of Hindustan and has an area of 30,285 sq mi , it is bigger than Panama but smaller than the Czech Republic.
West Bengal is a state in eastern Republic of India, and its capital is Kolkata.
Capparis decidua is commonly known as karir, kair, kirir, karril, etc.
The Pilgrims is the name for the early settlers of the Plymouth Colony in present-day Plymouth, Massachusetts.
G major  is a major scale based on G, with the pitches G, A, B, C, D, E, and F.
Classic female blues music was played from 1920 to 1929.
The Delta blues is one of the earliest types of blues music.
"Chuck" is the third album by Sum 41.
Sexual dimorphism is a concept from biology.
Jonathan Swift  was an Anglo-Irish satirist, essayist, political pamphleteer , poet and cleric.
Marcus Porcius Cato   was a Roman statesman, surnamed the Censor , "Sapiens, Priscus", or the Elder , to distinguish him from Cato the Younger .
Kavirondo is the old name of the region around Kavirondo Gulf  as well as of two native peoples living there under the regime of British East Africa .
Magellan goose  is a bird of "Anatidae" family.
"The Rocker" is a comedy movie.
"Fierce Creatures" is a 1997 comedy movie.
"The Bucket List" is a 2007 comedy-drama movie.
Shôjo is a type of manga.
The Five Families are the five major Italian-American Mafia crime families which have controlled organized crime in New York City since the 1930s.
The Gambino crime family is one of the "Five Families" that controls organized crime activities based in New York City, United States, within the Mafia .
Carlo "Don Carlo" Gambino,  was a Mafioso who became Boss of the Gambino crime family, that is still takes the name today.
John Joseph Gotti, Jr.
In physics, energy transfer is when energy is moved from one place to another.
Galago, also known as bushbabies, bush babies or nagapies , are small, nocturnal primates native to continental Africa, from the family Galagidae.
The Mongolic languages are a group of languages that are spoken in Central Asia.
The Tungusic languages  are spoken in Eastern Siberia and Manchuria.
The Pioneer program is the name of a few unmanned space missions done by NASA between 1958 and 1978.
The Musée d'Orsay is an art museum in Paris.
Cystitis is the infection of the urinary bladder.
The Royal Academy of Arts is an art institution based in London.
The "Last Judgment" is a mural by Michelangelo on the altar wall of the Sistine Chapel in Vatican City.
The fancy rat or pet rat is a type of the brown rat  that is bred to be a pet.
In Ancient Greece the Gymnasion  was a place were athletes could train for the competitions in public games, such as the Olympic Games.
Arnold Rikli  was a healer.
Eastern White Pine  is a large pine native to eastern North America, occurring from Newfoundland west to Minnesota and southeastern Manitoba, and south along the Appalachian Mountains to the extreme south of Georgia.
Eastern White Pine  is a large pine native to eastern North America, occurring from Newfoundland west to Minnesota and southeastern Manitoba, and south along the Appalachian Mountains to the extreme south of Georgia.
Trillium grandiflorum, commonly known as white trillium, great white trillium, white wake-robin, or in French as trille blanc, is a perennial monocotyledonous plant in the lily family.
Myosotis is a genus of flowering plants in the family Boraginaceae that are commonly called Forget-me-nots.
Myosotis is a genus of flowering plants in the family Boraginaceae that are commonly called Forget-me-nots.
The willow grouse  or willow ptarmigan , Lagopus lagopus, is a medium-sized gamebird in the grouse family.
The willow grouse  or willow ptarmigan , Lagopus lagopus, is a medium-sized gamebird in the grouse family.
The Sitka Spruce  is a large coniferous evergreen tree growing to 50-70 m tall, exceptionally to 100 m tall, and with a trunk diameter of up to 5 m, exceptionally to 6-7 m diameter.
The Sitka Spruce  is a large coniferous evergreen tree growing to 50-70 m tall, exceptionally to 100 m tall, and with a trunk diameter of up to 5 m, exceptionally to 6-7 m diameter.
Today, television can show a number of programmes.
The Spot-billed Pelican  is a member of the pelican family.
Rajasthan is a state in northwestern India.
Lake Manasarovar or Lake Manasa Sarovar  is a fresh-water lake in Tibet Autonomous Region of China from Lhasa.
Bathing is putting the body into a fluid, most often water, or a solution with water.
Silver Bullet is a song by Hawthorne Heights released as a single in 2004.
The 1857 War of Independence in Murree, part of the Indian Rebellion of 1857, was a conflict between the tribes surrounding the hill station of Murree  and the colonial government of British India.
Pygmy marmosets are the smallest marmosets and one of the smallest of all primates.
Patras  is the third biggest Greek town.
Santiago de Compostela  is the capital of the autonomous community of Galicia and a United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization  World Heritage Site.
Christopher Jonathan James Nolan  is a film director, writer and producer.
The Foucault pendulum, or Foucault's pendulum, is named after the French physicist Léon Foucault, and was created as an experiment to show the rotation of the Earth.
Mickie Laree James  is an American professional wrestler.
The Guineafowl are a family of birds.
Jaguar S-Type was a car produced by Jaguar from 1998 till 2008.
Muskrats are rodents that live in freshwater and saltwater marshes, lakes, ponds, and streams.
Griffith's experiment, was an experiment done in 1928 by Frederick Griffith.
Frederick Griffith  was a British medical officer and geneticist.
"Streptococcus pneumoniae", or pneumococcus, is a Gram-positive, alpha-hemolytic diplococcus aerotolerant anaerobe and a member of the genus "Streptococcus".
In biology, strain is a low-level taxonomic rank used in three related ways.
Dr.
"The Prestige" is a 2006 period film directed by Christopher Nolan.
Javon Ringer  is an American football running back for Michigan State University.
A running back  is the position of a player on a Football team.
The Heisman Memorial Trophy Award , named after the former college football coach John Heisman, is awarded annually by the Downtown Athletic Club of New York City to the most outstanding player in collegiate football.
The place of birth is the place where a person was born.
"Run Fat Boy Run" is a 2007 romantic comedy directed by David Schwimmer, written by Michael Ian Black and Simon Pegg, and starring Pegg, Dylan Moran, Thandie Newton, Harish Patel, India de Beaufort and Hank Azaria.
"And Now for Something Completely Different" is a movie spin-off from the comedy television series "Monty Python's Flying Circus".
The Abu Ghraib prison is a prison located in Abu Ghraib, a city located 32 km west of Baghdad, Iraq.
In professional sports, a trade is when one  player's contract and/or draft picks is traded between sports teams.
Jet is a hard rock band from Melbourne, Australia.
Get Born is the debut album by Australian band Jet.
Thomas Wentworth "Tom" Wills  was an Australian all-round sportsman who helped invent Australian Football, and umpired the first ever game of Australian Football, and helped write the Laws of Australian Football.
"Simple Plan" is the third, self-titled studio album by pop punk band Simple Plan.
N-Type Semiconductor is created by adding pentavalent impurities like Phosphorus , Arsenic , or Antimony .
Pay television or premium television are subscription-based television services.
A plug-in hybrid car is similar to a conventional hybrid vehicle—both use a gasoline engine as well as an electric motor.
The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers  an international non-profit, professional organization for the advancement of technology related to electricity.
A galvanometer is a type of ammeter.
Magnetic tape a long and narrow strip of plastic that thin magnetic material is coated on.
A cathode is an electrode through which positive electric current flows out of a polarized electrical device.
The United States Army Reserve is the reserve force of the United States Army.
The electrical telegraph is a telegraph that uses electric signals.
Calvados is a French department in Normandy.
Knol is a Google project which aims to include user-written articles on a range of topics.
Only a certain group of people edit Wikipedia.
Smile, it's the End of the World is the second album by pop punk band Hawk Nelson.
A pessimist is someone who follows pessimism.
An optimist is someone who always tries to look at the positive side of life.
Letters to the President is the debut album by pop punk band Hawk Nelson.
Tonbridge Grammar School  is a well known grammar school in Tonbridge, Kent.
A rechargeable battery, or a storage battery, is a kind of battery that can be restored to full charge by the application of electrical energy.
The 2005 Pacific hurricane season was a slightly inactive season that produced 17 tropical cyclones.
The 2007 Pacific hurricane season was an event in the annual cycle of tropical cyclone formation.
Government of Balochistan is based in the largest province of Pakistan in Quetta.
The Klingon language  is a language that was made for the Klingons in the "Star Trek" universe.
A Chief Minister is the elected head of government of a sub-national (e.g.
The Government of Punjab is a provincial government in Pakistan.
The Government of North West Frontier Province  is based in the city of Peshawar, the provincial capital of the North-West Frontier Province, Pakistan.
The Government of Sindh is based in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.
Lentil soup  is a soup.
Lebanon–Pakistan relations are the relations between Lebanon and Pakistan.
Blizzard of Ozz is a heavy metal album by Ozzy Osbourne, recorded in Surrey, UK and released on September 20, 1980 in the UK and on January 15, 1981 in the U.S..
A Nightgown or Nightdress is a garment worn for sleeping.
Bolted joints are very common in construction and machine design.
Lyman Hall  was a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence as a representative of Georgia.
Button Gwinnett , was second of the signatories  on the United States Declaration of Independence as a representative of Georgia.
William Ellery , was a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence as a representative of Rhode Island.
William Floyd , was a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence as a representative of New York.
George Clymer  was an American politician and Founding Father.
Abraham Clark  was an American politician and Revolutionary War figure.
Charles Carroll of Carrollton  was a delegate to the Continental Congress and later United States Senator for Maryland.
"Cotidianul" is a Romanian newspaper.
Samuel Huntington  was an American jurist, statesman, and revolutionary leader from Connecticut.
Francis Hopkinson , an American author, was one of the signers of the Declaration of Independence as a delegate from New Jersey.
Stephen Hopkins  was an American political leader from Rhode Island who signed the Declaration of Independence.
William Hooper , was an American lawyer, politician, and a member of the Continental Congress representing North Carolina from 1774 through 1777.
Thomas Heyward, Jr.
John Hart (c.
Benjamin Harrison V  was an American revolutionary leader from Charles City County, Virginia.
The government of France is a semi-presidential system determined by the French Constitution of the French fifth Republic.
The Advanced Placement Program is a program that offers college level school classes for students in high school in the United States and Canada.
The paramilitary forces of Pakistan consist of various organizations constitutionally charged to safeguard Pakistan's national interests.
Pakistan Coast Guard  , is responsible for the law at sea, maintenance of seamarks, border control, and other services.
A minority or subordinate group is a group that does not make up most of the population of a society.
Aberfoyle is a village in Scotland.
Altskeith is a village in Scotland.
Puslinch is a township in south-central Ontario, Canada, in the County of Wellington south of Guelph.
Ardchyle is a village in Scotland.
Ardeonaig is a village in Scotland.
Stirling  is one of the 32 unitary local government council areas of Scotland, and has a population of about 85,000.
Arnprior is a village in Scotland.
Fintry is a small village in central Scotland, nestled in the strath of the Endrick Water in the Campsie Fells some 35km north of Glasgow.
Rowardennan  is a small hamlet on the eastern shore of Loch Lomond in Scotland.
Strathblane  is a village and parish at the extreme south of the Stirling council area, in central Scotland.
Thornhill is a village in the Scottish council area of Stirling.
Tyndrum  is a small village in Scotland.
Blantyre  is a burgh in South Lanarkshire, Scotland with a population of about 17,000.
Bothwell is a small town in South Lanarkshire, Scotland, that lies on the right bank of the River Clyde, adjacent to Hamilton and nine miles east-south-east of Glasgow.
Burnside is a an area of South Lanarkshire.
Uddingston is a village in South Lanarkshire, Scotland, on the north side of the River Clyde, approximately seven miles to the south-east of Glasgow.
East Kilbride is a large suburban town in the South Lanarkshire council area of Scotland.
Fairhill is an area in the town of Hamilton, South Lanarkshire.
The X Division Championship is the 3rd highest ranked championshiptitle of the TNA professional wrestling company.
The WWE Hardcore Championship is a former championship for World Wrestling Entertainment.
"Spoonman" is a song by the American grunge band Soundgarden, from their fourth studio album "Superunknown", which was released in 1994.
808s and Heartbreak is an 2008 album by Kanye West.
"Watchmen" is a Hugo Award winning graphic novel.
Vocalion Records was a record label which made records in the United States and in the United Kingdom.
Belgium is made of 589 municipalities .
Belgium is divided into three regions , two of them are subdivided into five provinces each.
Mikhail Vasilyevich Nesterov   was a Russian painter.
AMC Gremlin was a car produced by American Motors from 1970 through 1978.
Manichaeism  was one of the major Iranian Gnostic religions.
Ford Windstar was a car produced by Ford Motor Company from 1995 through 2003.
LDV Convoy was a van made by LDV Limited from 1997 through 2006.
Ford Freestar was a car produced by Ford Motor Company from 2004 through 2007.
Cambuslang  is a town on the south-eastern outskirts of Glasgow, Scotland located within the local authority area of South Lanarkshire.
Rigside is a small village in South Lanarkshire, Scotland, about 5 miles from the town of Lanark, and less than a mile from Douglas Water.
Lesmahagow  is a small town on the edge of moorland, near Lanark in the central belt of Scotland, and is also known as Abbey Green.
Larkhall is a town in South Lanarkshire, Scotland and is around 18 miles southeast of Glasgow.
Strathaven   is a small town in South Lanarkshire, Scotland.
Stonehouse is a small rural village in South Lanarkshire, Scotland.
Rutherglen  is a town in South Lanarkshire, Scotland.
Ford Taurus is a car produced by Ford Motor Company from 1986 through 2007 and from 2008 to the present day.
Aberdeenshire  is one of the 32 unitary council areas in Scotland.
Alford  is a large village in Aberdeenshire, north-east Scotland, lying just south of the River Don.
Ballater is a burgh in Aberdeenshire, Scotland on the River Dee, immediately east of the Cairngorm Mountains.
Mary Douglas'", DBE, FBA  was a British anthropologist, known for her writings on human culture and symbolism.
Westhill is a town in Aberdeenshire, in the parish of Skene, directly west of Aberdeen.
Zora Neale Hurston  was an American folklorist and author during the time of the Harlem Renaissance, best known for the 1937 novel "Their Eyes Were Watching God".
Ruth Landes  was an American cultural anthropologist best known for studies on Brazilian candomblé cults and her published study on the topic, "City of Women" .
Niobe  was the daughter of the semi-legendary ruler Tantalus, called the "Phrygian" and sometimes even as "King of Phrygia" Tantalus ruled in Sipylus, a city located at the western end of Anatolia.
Ashfield is a village in Stirling, Scotland.
Auchtubh is a village in Stirling, Scotland.
Balfron, is a village in the Stirling council area of Scotland.
Deanston is a village in the district of Stirling, Scotland, on the south bank of the River Teith, formerly of West Perthshire.
Drymen is a village in Stirling district in central Scotland.
Inversnaid is a village on the east bank of Loch Lomond in Scotland, near the north end of the loch.
Hilton is a village in Stirling, Scotland.
Gartmore is a village in the Stirling council area, Scotland.
Gargunnock is a small village in the Stirling council area approximately seven miles west of Stirling, in Scotland.
Crianlarich  is a village in Stirling district, Scotland, about six miles north-east of the head of Loch Lomond.
Croftamie is a small village near Drymen in Scotland.
Cambuskenneth  is a village in the city of Stirling, located in central Scotland.
Volvo S80 is a car produced by Volvo from 1998 to the present day.
Garhi Yasin is a town located in the north of Sindh province of Pakistan.
The binturong  is a large, rare mammal that lives in trees in the dense forests of southeast Asia.
Kippen is a small village approximately west of the city of Stirling, Scotland .
Kilmahog (Gaelic: "Cille MoChùig" = Cell of St.
Killin  is a village with about 640 inhabitants situated at the western head of Loch Tay in Stirling , Scotland.
Killearn  is a small village of approximately 1700 people in the Stirling council area of Scotland.
Balmaha  is a hamlet on the eastern shore of Loch Lomond in the council area of Stirling, Scotland.
Balquhidder  is a small village in the Stirling council area of Scotland.
Bannockburn is a village immediately south of the city of Stirling in Scotland.
Georg Michael Telemann  was a German composer and theologian.
Blair Drummond  is a small rural community near Stirling in Scotland, located along the A84 road.
Blairlogie is located at the base of the great cliff of Dumyat between Stirling and Menstrie was one of central Scotland's earliest Conservation Villages.
Boquhan is a village in Stirling, Scotland.
Alan Lee Keyes  is a conservative American political activist, author, and former diplomat, and candidate for public office.
The 1996 Pacific hurricane season was an event in tropical cyclone formation and the second least active Pacific hurricane season in recorded history, behind only 1977.
The 2002 Pacific hurricane season was an ongoing event in tropical cyclone meteorology.
Hurricane Kenna was a destructive hurricane of the 2002 Pacific hurricane season.
The 1994 Pacific hurricane season officially started on May 15, 1994 in the eastern Pacific, and on June 1, 1994 in the central Pacific, and lasted until November 30, 1994.
Hurricane John was the longest-lived tropical cyclone ever observed, tracking from the Eastern Pacific to the Western Pacific and crossing back to the Central Pacific for 31 days total.
Hurricane Paka  was the last tropical cyclone in the 1997 Pacific hurricane and typhoon season, and was among the strongest Pacific typhoons in the month of December.
Hurricane Pauline was a destructive hurricane of the 1997 Pacific hurricane season and one of the deadliest.
Hurricane Linda of 1997 was the strongest hurricane ever observed in the east Pacific, with sustained winds of 160 knots and gusting to 190 knots, and a central pressure of 900 mbar.
Hurricane Ioke  is the strongest hurricane ever recorded in the Central Pacific.
Post-grunge is a music genre that is strongly influenced by grunge music, a genre that started in Seattle, Washington, United States in the mid-1980s.
History.
Nakhornratchasima or Khorat,is the biggest province and the second most population of Thailand.Nakhornratchasima means ‘big province’.It’s the gate to the eastern part of Thailand.Far about 260 km.
The Garuda  is a large mythical bird or bird-like creature that appears in both Hindu and Buddhist mythology.
Scorpion, also King Scorpion or Scorpion II refers to the second of two kings so-named of Upper Egypt during the Protodynastic Period.
Ka, also Sekhem Ka, was a predynastic pharaoh of Upper Egypt.
Iry-Hor or Ro  was a Predynastic pharaoh of ancient Egypt, although some archaeologists are doubtful of his existence.
Wazner, also Wazenez or Wadjenedj, was a Predynastic Egyptian king who ruled in the Nile Delta.
Hsekiu, also Seka, was a Predynastic ancient Egyptian king who ruled in the Nile Delta.
Tiu, also Teyew etc, was a Predynastic ancient Egyptian king who ruled in the Nile Delta.
Scorpion I was the first of two kings so-named of Upper Egypt during the Protodynastic Period.
Thesh, or Tjesh, Tesh etc, was a Predynastic ancient Egyptian king who ruled in the Nile Delta.
Ford Cortina was a car produced by Ford Motor Company from 1962 through 1982.
Kazakhstan–Pakistan relations are the relations between Kazakhstan and Pakistan.
Kyrgyzstan–Pakistan relations are the relations between Kyrgyzstan and Pakistan.
In Computer science, a closure is a function that has an environment of its own.
Many trucks and buses in Pakistan are highly customised and decorated by their owners, to the point of becoming moving art.
Pakistan ranks fifth in the Muslim world and twentieth worldwide in farm output.
Gwadar Bay is located in near the maritime border of Pakistan and Iran.
Huntly  is a town in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, formerly known as Milton of Strathbogie.
Clerkhill is an area of the town of Peterhead in north east Scotland.
Ellon is a town in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, approximately 16 miles north of Aberdeen, lying on the River Ythan  which has one of the few undeveloped river estuaries on the Eastern coast of Scotland.
Fraserburgh  is a town in Aberdeenshire, Scotland with a population recorded in the 2001 Census at 12,454.
Rosehearty , "Rizarty" in the local dialect, is located on the Moray Firth coast, four miles west of the town Fraserburgh, in the historical county of Aberdeenshire in Scotland.
Stonehaven  and "Cala na Creige" in Gaelic is a town with around fourteen thousand inhabitants  on the northeast coast of Scotland.
Turriff is a town and parish in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.
Danko Jones is a three-piece hard rock band from Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Abercrombie & Fitch   is an American clothing retailer sold as a lifestyle brand.
Abercrombie  is a small village in Fife, situated around 1 mile to the north of the village of St Monans, and 10 miles south of the town of St Andrews.
Jamestown is a hamlet in Fife, Scotland.
Bargeddie is a small town in North Lanarkshire, Scotland, located east of the junction of the M73 and M8 motorways, situated 2 miles  west of Coatbridge town centre.
Valentina Vladimirovna Tereshkova , is a retired Soviet cosmonaut and was the first woman to fly in space, aboard Vostok 6 on 16 June 1963.
John Herbert Dillinger  was a notorious bank robber in mid-western America.
SEAT Arosa was a car produced by SEAT from 1997 through 2005.
SEAT Ibiza is a car produced by SEAT since 1984.
dell'arte is a theatrical form characterized of colorful stock characters that emerged in northern Italy in the fifteenth century and rapidly gained popularity throughout Europe.usually the charecters play with out scripts.
Boddam is a coastal village in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.
Blackburn is a rapidly growing commuter town just northwest of Aberdeen, Scotland, and is situated in Aberdeenshire.
Banff  and Macduff  are neighbouring towns situated on Banff Bay, both of which are former burghs in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.
Banchory  is a burgh or town in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, lying approximately 18 miles west of Aberdeen, near where the Feugh River meets the River Dee.
Laurencekirk is a small town in the ancient county of Kincardineshire, modern county of Aberdeenshire, Scotland, just off the A90 Dundee to Aberdeen main road.
Inverurie is a Royal Burgh in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, approximately 16 miles north west of Aberdeen on the A96 road and lies on the Northern Express Railway Route from Aberdeen to Inverness.
Inverbervie  is a small town on the north-east coast of Scotland, south of Stonehaven, in the Aberdeenshire council area.
Insch is a town in Garioch, Aberdeenshire, Scotland.
Portsoy  is a burgh in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, formerly in the county of Banffshire.
Peterhead is a town in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.
the 'New' falling out of use leading to its current name.
Kintore  is a town and former royal burgh near Inverurie in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, now bypassed by the A96 road between Aberdeen and Inverness.
Kemnay  is a village 16 miles west of Aberdeen in Scotland.
Portlethen is a town situated seven miles south of Aberdeen, Scotland along the A90.
Bonzi Buddy was a freeware program from Bonzi.com.
The Kansas Koyotes are a professional indoor football team based out of Topeka, Kansas.
"Playing for Pizza" is a short novel by John Grisham, released on September 25 2007.
"The Grapes of Wrath" is a novel published in 1939 and written by John Steinbeck, who was awarded the Pulitzer Prize and the Nobel Prize for Literature.
"Charlie and the Chocolate Factory"  is a children's book by British author Roald Dahl.
"Be Kind Rewind" is a 2008 American comedy movie starring Jack Black, Mos Def, Danny Glover and Mia Farrow.
The University of Michigan College of Literature, Science, and the Arts, also called the College of LS&A , is the liberal arts and sciences unit of the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor.
Oakley is a village in Fife, Scotland.
Upper Largo or Kirkton of Largo is a small town in the East Neuk of Fife, Scotland.
Pat Benatar  is a four-time Grammy Award-winning American rock singer with seven platinum and three gold albums to her credit, as well as 19 Top 40 singles.
Eurythmics are a British musical duo, formed in 1980 by Annie Lennox and Dave Stewart.
Abingdon is a town in Washington County, Virginia, 133 miles  southwest of Roanoke.
Cyclotron.
Johanna Spyri  wrote children's stories.
Volvo S60 is a car produced by Volvo from 2000 to the present day.
Volkswagen Lupo was a car made by Volkswagen from 1998 through 2005.
"Guitar World" is a music magazine.
Volkswagen Jetta is a car produced by Volkswagen since 1979.
June Tabor was born on December 31 1947 in Warwick, England.
Andrew Barton "Banjo" Paterson  was a famous Australian bush poet, journalist and author.
The seven species of Water hyacinth are in the genus Eichhornia.
The India-Pakistan Relationship since independence have been cold, relations between Pakistan and the Republic of India have been characterized by rivalry and suspicion.
Henbane , also known as stinking nightshade, is a plant of the family Solanaceae that originated in Eurasia, but it now sold everywhere.
Viola odorata is a species of violets .
Whitwell is a small village with a population of about 500 on the Isle of Wight, an island off the south coast of England.
Clifton Beach, on the Arabian Sea, is a beach in Clifton, Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan, one of the neighborhoods of Saddar Town, Karachi.
"Achillea millefolium" or Yarrow is a flowering plant in the family Asteraceae, native to the Northern Hemisphere.
Cape Monze  is a beach on the Arabian Sea located near the Hub River and Gadani Beach in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.
Philip Brady is an Australian media personality.
St.
Hamstead is a village on the Isle of Wight.
Inner Mongolia  is the Mongol autonomous region of the People's Republic of China and lies in the north of the coutry.
Yafford is a hamlet on the Isle of Wight.
Yaverland is a village on the Isle of Wight, just north of Sandown.
Newport is the county town of the Isle of Wight, an island off the south coast of England.
Gatcombe is a village and civil parish on the Isle of Wight.
Godshill is a village and civil parish on the Isle of Wight with a population of approximately 2,800 .
Easton is a village on the Isle of Wight.
Arreton is a village and civil parish in the central eastern part of the Isle of Wight, England.
Alverstone is a village 3 kilometres from the east coast of the Isle of Wight, near Sandown.
Adgestone is a small hamlet on the Isle of Wight.
The ancient 'Kynges Towne' of Brading is the main town of the civil parish of the same name, which used to cover about a tenth of the Isle of Wight but now includes the town itself and Adgestone, Morton, Nunwell and other outlying areas between Ryde, St Helen's, Bembridge, Sandown and Arreton.
Mr.
Céline Dion  is a popular French-Canadian pop singer.
Cowes is an English seaport town on the Isle of Wight, an island south of Southampton.
Adamsville is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States.
Alabaster is a city and southern suburb of Birmingham in Shelby County, Alabama, United States.
Alexander City is a city in Tallapoosa County, Alabama, United States.
Aliceville is a city in Pickens County, Alabama, United States.
Ashville is a city in St.
Anniston is a city in Calhoun County in the state of Alabama, United States.
Andalusia is a city in Covington County, Alabama, United States.
Digitalis is a genus of about 20 species of herbaceous perennials shrubs, and biennals that are commonly called foxgloves.
Melbourne Central Shopping Center is a shopping center  in Melbourne, Australia.
Martin Carthy MBE, is an English folk singer and guitarist.
Atmore is a city in Escambia County, Alabama, United States.
Attalla is a city in Etowah County, Alabama, United States.
York is a city in Sumter County, Alabama, United States.
New Hope is a small town in Madison County, Alabama, United States, and is included in the Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area.
Uniontown is a city in Perry County, Alabama in the United States of America.
Union Springs is a city in and the county seat of Bullock County, Alabama, United States.
Vestavia Hills is a city in Jefferson and Shelby Counties in the U.S.
Vernon is a city in Lamar County, Alabama, United States.
Valley is a city in Chambers County, Alabama, United States.
Valley Grande is a city in Dallas County, Alabama, United States, just north of Selma.
Northport is a city in Tuscaloosa County, Alabama, United States.
The Meadows Mall is a mall in Las Vegas, Nevada, USA.
Jacksonville is a city in Calhoun County, Alabama, United States.
Jackson is a city in Clarke County, Alabama, United States.
Irondale is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States and a suburb of Birmingham.
Winfield is a city in Fayette and Marion counties in the U.S.
Wetumpka is a city in Elmore County, Alabama, United States.
Weaver is a city in Calhoun County, Alabama, United States.
Warrior is a city in Jefferson and Blount County in the U.S.
"Why I Am Not a Christian" is an essay by the British philosopher Bertrand Russell.
Moapa Valley is a 40-mile valley and region in the American State of Nevada.
The Passenger Pigeon  or wild pigeon was a species of pigeon that was once the most common bird in North America.
Sergei Mikhailovich Eisenstein  was a revolutionary Soviet Russian film director.
Yass is a town in the Southern Tablelands of New South Wales, Australia.
The Community of Christ is a Mormon movement.
The six species in the genus "Didelphis", commonly known as large American opossums, are members of the Didelphimorphia order.
The word Pakistani or Pakistanis means from or about the country of the modern Islamic Republic of Pakistan or Indus Valley.
Imran Ahmad Khan Niazi   is a retired Pakistani cricketer who played international cricket for two decades in the late 20th century.
Thule is the name of the island which Pytheas,the ancient Greek explorer, discovered in the fourth century B.C.
The November 2008 Mumbai attacks were twelve attacks of terror happening at the same time across Mumbai, India, from 26 November 2008.
The Deccan Mujahiddeen is believed to be a terrorist group.
In grammar, grammatical case talks about the role of a noun in a sentence.
The Axon is a cylindrical protrusion from a Neuron's soma that can extend for over a meter.
The Haast's Eagle  was the largest eagle ever to have lived and is the only eagle in the world ever to have been top predator of its ecosystem.
Benjamin Whiso Lee   or Ben Lee, was a Korean-American theoretical physicist.
Count Alessandro Giuseppe Antonio Anastasio Volta  was a Lombard physicist known especially for the development of the first electrical cell in 1800.
Friedrich August Kekule von Stradonitz   was a German organic chemist.
Ultra High Frequency  is a electromagnetic radiation.
LC circuit is an electronic circuit made up of an inductor and a capacitor.
ASIC or Application-specific integrated circuit is a kind of intergrated circuit.
The photoelectric effect is a phenomenon in physics.
In electrical engineering and computer science, Image processing is any form of processing for which the input is an image, such as photographs or frames of video.
Ogg is a free, open standard container format for multimedia, like music and video, run by the Xiph.Org Foundation.
Georgetown is a city in Scott County, Kentucky, United States.
"Encarta" is a digital multimedia encyclopedia by Microsoft.
Peshawar is a city in Pakistan, and it is the capital of the Afghania.
The Pakistan-Japan relations Despite having been through various phases and having witnessed some changes, Japan-Pakistan relations have kept growing to the mutual benefit of the two countries.
White supremacy is the belief that white people are better than other races.
BMW 3 Series is a car produced by BMW since 1975.
Vulcan was a theoretical planet.
The flag of Greece is rectangular with nine equal stripes of blue  and white  from left to right.
A custard cream is a type of biscuit popular in the United Kingdom.
Bay Minette is a city in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States.
Bakerhill or Baker Hill is a city in Barbour County, Alabama, United States, near Eufaula.
A computer model is a computer program that is designed to simulate what might or what did happen in a situation.
The M postcode area, also known as the Manchester postcode area, is a group of lots of postal districts in Greater Manchester, England.
The River Irwell is a long river which flows through the Irwell Valley in the counties of Lancashire and Greater Manchester in North West England.
"Nicktropolis" is a virtual world made for children aged six to 14.
Bessemer is a city in southwestern Jefferson County, Alabama, United States and a suburb of Birmingham near Hueytown.
The Princess Louise  was the fourth daughter of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert.
Brent is a city in Bibb County, Alabama, United States.
Boaz is a city in Etowah and Marshall Counties in the U.S.
The United States presidential election of 1996 was a contest between the Democratic national ticket of President Bill Clinton of Arkansas and Vice President Al Gore of Tennessee and the Republican national ticket of former Senator Bob Dole of Kansas for President and former Congressman and ex-Cabinet Secretary Jack Kemp of New York for Vice President.
Bridgeport is a small city in Jackson County, Alabama, United States.
Brewton is a city in Escambia County, Alabama, United States.
Brighton is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States.
Brighton is a city in East Sussex.
East Brewton is a city in Escambia County, Alabama, United States.
Brundidge is a city in Pike County, Alabama, USA.
Enterprise is a city in the southeastern part of Coffee and Dale Counties in the southeastern part of Alabama in the Southern United States.
Elba is a city in Coffee County, Alabama, United States.
Coffee County is a county of the U.S.
Islamabad  is the Federal capital city of Pakistan, and is located in the Pothohar Plateau in the northwest of the country.
Evergreen is a city in Conecuh County, Alabama, United States.
Eutaw is a city in Greene County, Alabama, United States.
Eufaula is a city in Barbour County, Alabama, United States.
The Princess Helena  was the third daughter of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert.
Oxford is a city in Calhoun and Talladega counties in the U.S.
Opp is a city in Covington County, Alabama, United States.
The Deccan Plateau is a large plateau in India which covers the majority of the southern part of the country.
Ozark is a city in and the county seat of Dale County, Alabama, United States.
Oneonta is a city in Blount County, Alabama, United States.
The Princess Alice  was the second daughter of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert.
"The Illuminatus! Trilogy" is a series of three novels written by Robert Shea and Robert Anton Wilson between 1969 and 1971, and first published in 1975.
An Fnord is the typographic representation of disinformation or useless information with the intent to misdirect or confuse, with the implication of a conspiracy.
Disinformation is false or inaccurate information that is spread on purpose.
"Principia Discordia" is a Discordian religious text written by Greg Hill  and Kerry Thornley .
Discordianism is a modern religion with the idea that chaos is as important as order.
This is a list of the Mayors and Lord Mayors of Manchester in the North West of England.
A tractor is a strong work vehicle used for farming or construction.
Mantophasmatodea is a suborder of African carnivorous insects discovered in 2002, originally considered to be a new order, but since relegated to subordinal status, and comprising the single family Mantophasmatidae.
The Metropolitan Borough of Trafford is a metropolitan borough of Greater Manchester, England.
A software company is a a company that makes or sells computer software.
A software developer is a company or person that creates software - either completely, or with other companies or people.
Ford Granada was a car produced by Ford Motor Company from 1972 through 1985 .
Ford Fusion is a name used on two different models of cars from the Ford Motor Company.
The American Ford Fusion is a car produced by Ford Motor Company since 2006.
A Hand grenade is an explosive used as a weapon.
In medicine, people talk about complications if a disease or condition a patient has gets worse.
"For the European Ford Escort, see Ford Escort .
Exempli gratia, mostly known in English-speaking countries by its abbreviation e.g., is Latin for "for example".
The French postal code format is F-  99999.
Opelika is a city in and the county seat of Lee County in the east central part of the U.S.
Gilbert Cosme  is a Puerto Rican professional wrestler.
Charlotte's Web is a 2006 movie based on author E.
High Wycombe is a large town in south Buckinghamshire.
Taylor is an English surname.
Jammu  is one of the three regions comprising Pakistan's southernmost area of Azad Kashmir and Indian Occupied Kashmir.
Ladakh is a region of Jammu and Kashmir in Northern Pakistan near the Chinese border, which is Not Demarcated border the regional capital is Leh.
Jock Sturges  is an American photographer.
The rupee  is the currency of Pakistan.
The rupee  is the currency of Pakistan.
The Rupee is the name of several kinds of money used in several countries: the Republic of India, Pakistan; it was also used in the erstwhile East Pakistan until 1971, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Mauritius, and the Seychelles.
The Golden Crescent is the name given to one of Asia's two principal areas of illicit opium production, located at the crossroads of Central, South, and Western Asia.
French Beach of Karachi is located half way between Hawkes Bay and Paradise Point, is a small fishing village known to the locals as "Haji Abdullah Goth".
The Royal College of St.
In psychology, depression is a mood where a person is very sad.
Gaddani Beach is a beach on the Arabian Sea located near the Hub River and Cape Monze in Gaddani, Lasbela District, Baluchistan, Pakistan.
Manora or Manoro  is a small island  located just south of the Port of Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.
Sandspit Beach is situated south west of Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.
Hawksbay Town or Hawksbay Housing Scheme No.42 is located in Keamari Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.
Paradise Point, on the Arabian Sea, is a beach in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.
The geography of Pakistan is a profound mixture of landscapes varying from plains to deserts, forests, hills, and plateaus ranging from the coastal areas of the Arabian Sea in the south to the mountains of the Karakoram range in the north.
The Potwari or Pahari-Potwari language  is an Indo-European language spoken from the Potwar district around Rawalpindi, Pakistan to the Cease-fire Line  of Indian administered Kashmir de-facto border in the Mirpur and Kotli district of Pakistan-administered Kashmir, and as well as in Sui Cheemian  It is closely related to Punjabi.
Charlotte's Web is a 1952 children's book writen by E.
David Nizaam "Brownsound" Baksh  is a Canadian guitarist, singer and producer of Guyanese descent, best known as the former guitarist of successful pop punk band Sum 41, but has since became a singer/guitarist in his own heavy metal/reggae project Brown Brigade.
Half Hour of Power is Sum 41's debut EP.
William Tecumseh Sherman  was an American soldier, businessman, educator, and author.
Mathew B.
Kartikeya is a Hindu god.
Monieux is a commune of 250 people .
Monteux is a commune of 9,564 people .
Morières-lès-Avignon is a commune of 6,535 people .
Mormoiron is a commune of 1,562 people .
Mornas is a commune of 2,209 people .
La Motte-d'Aigues is a commune of 1,010 people .
Murs is a commune of 415 people .
Oppède is a commune of 1,226 people .
Orange is a commune of 29,000 people .
Pernes-les-Fontaines is a commune of 10,170 people .
Pertuis is a commune of 18,600 people .
Peypin-d'Aigues is a commune of 586 people .
Piolenc is a commune of 4,445 people .
Le Pontet is a commune of 15,594 people .
Puget is a commune of 589 people .
Puyméras is a commune of 610 people .
Puyvert is a commune of 541 people .
Rasteau is a commune of 674 people .
Richerenches is a commune of 616 people .
Roaix is a commune of 587 people .
Robion is a commune of 3,844 people .
The 2008 credit crunch was a worldwide event otherwise known as the Recession that started in September to October, 2008, in which many people lost their jobs and prices of things went up.
La Roque-Alric is a commune of 54 people .
La Roque-sur-Pernes is a commune of 447 people .
The year 3000 is a year in the 31st century.
Roussillon is a commune of 1,161 people .
Rustrel is a commune of 614 people .
The Hershey-Chase experiments were a series of experiments started in 1952 by Alfred Hershey and Martha Chase.
Samos City is the capital of the Greek island Samos.
Amfissa is a Greek city.
Tann is a town in the district of Fulda, in Hesse, Germany.
Antlion are a family of insects in the order Neuroptera with the scientific name Myrmeleontidae  most well-known genus is "Myrmeleo".
The term Body image refers to the perceptions of a human's own physical appearance.
The rude finger is a rude gesture that may be given to other people.
Heraclion is the biggest city of Crete.
Volos is a Greek city.
Chalkida is a Greek town.
Tuskegee is a city in Macon County, Alabama, United States.
Tuscumbia is a city in and the county seat of Colbert County, Alabama, United States.
Tuscaloosa County is a county of the U.S.
Trussville is a city and suburb of Birmingham in Jefferson and St.
Thomasville is a city in Clarke County, Alabama, United States.
Tarrant is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States.
Tallassee is a city split between Elmore and Tallapoosa counties in the U.S.
Talladega  is a city in Talladega County, Alabama, United States.
Troy is a city in Pike County, Alabama, United States.
Dadeville is a city in Tallapoosa County, Alabama, United States.
United States of America; .
Daleville is a city in Dale County, Alabama, United States.
Daphne is a city in Baldwin County, Alabama, USA on the eastern shoreline of Mobile Bay.
Delmar is a small, rural, unincorporated community in west-central Winston County, United States.
Dora is a city in Walker County, Alabama, United States.
Demopolis is the largest city in Marengo County, Alabama, United States.
Juan García Oliver  was a Spanish Anarcho-syndicalist revolutionary, and an important person in the Anarchism in Spain.
Don McLean  is an American singer and songwriter.
A  is the first letter of the Cyrillic alphabet.
Be  is the second letter in the Cyrillic alphabet.
The Bare-faced Curassow  spanish "muitu" is a species of bird in the Cracidae family, the chachalacas, guans, curassows, etc.
A diacritic (sometimes called an accent is a mark put above, below, through or on a letter to change the way it is said or to make a word's syllable louder.
"Everything as a service"  is a concept of being able to call up re-usable, fine-grained software components across a network.
Lorraine Kelly  is a Scottish television presenter and journalist.
George Andrew Romero  is an American director, writer, editor and actor.
Fred Jones also known as Fred, or Freddie is a fictional character from Scooby-Doo.
Standard Mandarin or Standard Chinese is the official modern Chinese spoken language used in mainland China and Taiwan, and is one of the four official languages of Singapore.
There are a many languages spoken in Singapore.
Stratovarius is a Finnish power metal band that formed in 1983.
The Sino-Tibetan languages form a language family composed of, at least, the Chinese and the Tibeto-Burman languages, including some 250 languages of East Asia.
Jens Johansson  is a world-renowned Swedish power metal keyboardist and pianist.
Timo Antero Kotipelto  is the vocalist of the Finnish power metal band Stratovarius and is the creator and vocalist of the power metal band Kotipelto.
Jörg Michael  is a German drumer.
Lauri Porra  is a Finnish bass guitarist.
LK Today is a lifestyle programme hosted by Lorraine Kelly.
Velma Dinkley is a fictional character in the cartoon series Scooby-Doo.
Gino Lucetti  was an Italian anarchist.
The Pierhead Building is a building in Cardiff, Wales, UK.
The Tibeto-Burman family of languages  is spoken in various central and south Asian countries, including Myanmar , Tibet, northern Thailand, Vietnam, Laos, parts of central China , northern parts of Nepal, north-eastern parts of Bangladesh, Bhutan, western Pakistan , and various regions of India .
Huang-di,  or the Yellow Emperor, is a legendary Chinese sovereign and cultural hero who is thought to be the ancestor of all Han Chinese.
The hermit crab is a type of crab that doesn't have a very hard shell.
Alex Salmond was born on 31 December 1954.
First Minister of Scotland is the name given to the head of the Scottish government.
Corinne Enaudeau is a french philosopher.
Principle.
Magnetic Resonance Imaging  is a kind of medical imaging technology which uses magnetic fields.
PADis People's Alliance for Democracy, also called the National Liberation Alliance or the yellow shirt .
King Narasuan The Great .
Jatujak Market Jatujak Market or sometimes called Bangkok market.
South Thailand Insurgency is a violence that has happened in the 3 provinces of Thailand.
A triode is an electronic amplification device containing a filament and three active legs that are called electrodes.
History.
The Prime Minister of Thailand.
Thaksin Shinawatra is a Thai businessman, politician, former Prime Minister of Thailand, and former leader of the populist Thai Rak Thai Party.
was born on 20 September 1853.
Chalermkwansatree School is located on 28 Bhuddhabucha Road in Phitsanulok, Thailand.It was build on 8 November 1923.In the past there used to have an elementary school but now there are secondary and high school  but high school is coeducation.
Suvarnabhumi Airport located in Bangchoung,Rachatawa,Noungprew and Bangpee district Samotpakarn province.The area of the airport is about 20,000 rai which bigger than Donmuang airportand maybe this airport is the biggest in Asia.
Siam Paragon is the biggest department store in South East Asia.
Sanam Luang is a big field located in front of Wat Phra Kaew, and the Grand Palace in Bangkok, Thailand.
Baltistan , also known as بلتیول  in the Balti language, is a region in northern Pakistan.
A Raja , also spelled Rajah) is a monarch, or princely ruler of the Kshatriya varna.
PUSHIM is a Japanese reggae singer.
A headset is a headphone with a microphone.
Endoscopy means to "look inside" and often means to looking inside the body for medical reasons using an instrument called an endoscope.
Supercomputer is a super computer.
A Hydrogen car is a vehicle that uses hydrogen as its fuel for motive power.
 Definition .
What is thermocouple? Thermocouple, TC for short, is a device that converts heat directly into electricity.
Control engineering is the engineering field that focuses on mathematical modeling of systems of a various nature, analyzing their dynamic behavior, and using control theory to create a controller that will cause the systems to behave in a desired manner.
DKNY  is the label of fashion designer Donna Karan.
Lanett is a city in Chambers County, Alabama, United States.
LaFayette is a city in Chambers County, Alabama, United States, 47 miles  northwest of Columbus, Georgia.
Leeds is a city located in Jefferson, St.
Charles Wade Barkley  is an American retired professional basketball player and politician.
William Calvin Oates  was a Confederate colonel during the American Civil War and later the Democratic Governor of Alabama from 1894 to 1896.
Walter Junior Jones  is an American football offensive tackle for the Seattle Seahawks team in the National Football League.
George Thomas Anderson  was a general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War.
William Clark Falkner  was a soldier, lawyer, politician, businessman, and author in northern Mississippi.
Islamic terrorism is a kind of terrorism.
Electric vehicle  is a vehicle that uses mainly the power of battery to AC or DC motor for driving.
Daniel Weisiger Adams  was a noted lawyer and a brigadier general in the Confederate Army during the American Civil War.
Lynchburg is an independent city in the Commonwealth of Virginia.
Electronic engineering is a discipline investigating all kind of situation related with electricity and magnetism.
George Armstrong Custer  was a United States Army officer and cavalry commander in the American Civil War and the Indian Wars.
Jack Wilson McConnell  is a former First Minister of Scotland, leader of the Scottish Labour Party and current Member of the Scottish Parliament  for the Motherwell and Wishaw constituency.
Irvine  is a coastal new town in North Ayrshire, Scotland.
North Ayrshire  is one of 32 council areas of Scotland.
Charles Peter Kennedy MP, PC  is a British politician.
East Ayrshire  is one of 32 council areas of Scotland.
Digital Multimedia Broadcasting or DMB is a technology that allows to send digital signals to mobile devices, such as mobile phones.
Keeani Lei  is an American porn star.
A retrovirus is any virus which copies itself as part of the cell's DNA by reverse transcribing its RNA.
Hurricane Gilbert was a very powerful tropical storm which caused much damage to the Caribbean, Mexico and parts of South Texas in the 1988 Atlantic hurricane season.
Aberdour is a town in Fife, Scotland.
Kirkcaldy is a large town in Fife, Scotland.
Rosyth is a town in Fife, Scotland.
Faro is the capital city of Algarve, Portugal.
Homogeneity is a word that means being similar.
The rheas are species of flightless birds in the genus "Rhea", native to South America.
Edward Porter Alexander  was an engineer, an officer in the U.S.
Washington  is a city in Wilkes County, Georgia, United States.
Araluen  is a small town 27 km south of Braidwood, New South Wales.
Bill Henson  is an Australian art photographer.
Kempen is a town in Germany.
The Kakapo  is the only parrot that can not fly and is mostly active at night .
Stud poker is a variation of poker where players are typically dealt a total of five or seven cards, with the best five card poker hand winning .
Gundagai is a town in New South Wales, Australia.
Parkes is a city in New South Wales, Australia.
Weddings Parties Anything  were an Australian folk rock band.
Minks are small, short-legged members of the Mustelid family.
The Id, ego, and super-ego was first proposed by Freud's theory.
"MTV Unplugged in New York" was the first out of two live albums by the American grunge band Nirvana.
"Salicaceae" is a family of flowering plants.
Krist Novoselic, born Krist Anthony Novoselic II, is an American rock musician.
The Hush Sound are an Indie rock band originally known as "The Hush".
Piggy bank is used to collect coins.
Doenjang is a Korean soybean paste.
Raval is the God of the large Imperial Group known as The Imperial Zongian Empire, which hails from the internet game Second Life.
Ioannina is a Greek town which is located in the northwest of Greece, in Ipiros district.
Lamia is a Greek city which is located in the center of Greece.
The Punjab Hill States Agency was an administrative unit of British India.
The Patiala and East Punjab States Union  was a former state of India.
West Punjab was a former province of Pakistan which existed from 1947 to 1955.
Multan is a city in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
h2 He is the current Prime Minister of Nepal.
River Tay is a river in Scotland.
"Morina" is a genus of the Dipsacaceae family.
Paul Hegarty is a former Scottish footballer who is famous for being the captain of Dundee United during their best years in the 1980s.
A Jointing plane is used to sharpen the edges of boards so they will fit together.It has a 2-3/8" wide blade and is 18-24" long and hand used.There is also a shorter version of the jointer plane known as the fore plane which is around 18 inches  long.
Although the 1992 Atlantic hurricane season was below average, Hurricane Andrew was the exception to that.
Hurricane Gordon was a very deadly and damaging tropical storm for the Caribbean, Florida and parts of North Carolina.
Hurricane Diana was really unusual and had forecasters guessing when or where it would strike.
Abbot Howard "Abbie" Hoffman  was a social and political activist in the United States.
Neil Patrick Harris  is an American Golden Globe and Emmy-nominated actor.
"A Girl Like Me" is the second studio album by Pop and R&B singer Rihanna.
Todd Grisham  is an American presenter/announcer working for World Wrestling Entertainment  on its ECW brand as the play-by-play commentator and is the host for Fox Soccer Channel's Major League Soccer broadcasts.
Elijah Burke  is an American professional wrestler.
Matthew Hasselbeck  is an American football quarterback for the Seattle Seahawks.
The NFL Draft is sports draft held every year.
The bull shark  has a short snout that is wider than it is long .
The SS Free is a social networking website launched on June 25, 2006.
Alan Shepard  was an American astronaut.
Julia Mary Fownes Somerville  is a reporter.
White émigré  is a political term used to describe Russian people who left Russia because of the Russian Revolution of 1917|Russian Revolution or Civil War.
Baldia Town is the largest town of Karachi, Pakistan.
Long Eaton School is a school for children in the town of Long Eaton in south east Derbyshire.
Long Eaton is a town in south east Derbyshire in England.
The Government of Punjab, a provincial government in the federal structure of Pakistan, is based in Lahore, the capital of Punjab Province.
"Ur So Gay" is a single released by Katy Perry of the debut EP called "Ur So Gay - EP".
Ur So Gay is an EP album recorded by pop singer Katy Perry.
Instrumentation is one of the science that studies measurement and control.
Netbook, the word made by Intel company in February 2008, means cheap, smaller size of laptop much easier to move.
Devi is the word for "the Goddess" in Hinduism.
Monism is the philosophical and religious believe that God and the individual soul are non-different, and unite to become one after death.
An improper noun is a noun used to refer to general people, places, and things.
Michelle McManus is a Scottish singer and actress.
Seamus Coleman, born in Donegal 11 October 1988, football player currently playing for Sligo Rovers F.C.
Guan Yin is the bodhisattva of compassion and wisdom in Chinese Buddhism.
The University of Michigan College of Engineering is the engineering section of the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor.
The Ross School of Business is the business school of the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor.
Pegnitz is a town in the Bayreuth district in Upper Franconia, Bavaria, Germany, with a population of about 15,000.
HMS Sirius was the main ship of the First Fleet.
HMS Supply was a small ship, an armed tender which sailed with the First Fleet.
The Alexander was one of six convict transport ships in the First Fleet.
The Friendship was a convict transport ship in the First Fleet.
The Prince of Wales was a convict transport ship in the First Fleet.
The Charlotte was one of six convict transport ships in the First Fleet.
The Lady Penrhyn was one of six convict transport ships in the First Fleet.
The Scarborough was one of six convict transport ships in the First Fleet.
The Golden Grove was a storeship in the First Fleet.
The Fishburn was a store ship in the First Fleet.
The Borrowdale was a storeship in the First Fleet.
Ve  is the third letter of the Cyrillic alphabet.
De  is the fifth letter of the Cyrillic alphabet.
Sir Francis Forbes  was the first Chief Justice  of New South Wales.
Ge  is the fourth letter of the Cyrillic alphabet.
Hala Basha-Gorani  , is a Syrian American reporter for "CNN International" based in the network's headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia.
Hala is a "gotra" or clan of the Jat people found in the states of Punjab and Uttar Pradesh in India and in the province of Sindh in Pakistan.
Jamiroquai is an English acid jazz band.
Eraclea is a town in the province of Venice, Veneto, Italy.
This is really a part of Faraday's law.
Donegal is a county in Ulster, Ireland.
ABC Kids is a television program which broadcasts several different children series on the ABC television network.
Stephenie Meyers author of Twilight is probably very wealthy because of her book Twilight.
A circuit containing resistance, inductance, and capacitance is called an RLC circuit.
Jackstones is a traditional Korean game.
The Dutch physicist Hendrik Antoon Lorentz formulated it.
Snell's law does even as law of refraction.
The golden lion tamarin , also called the golden lion marmoset is a small, squirrel-sized mammal with a lion-like mane.
Piet Mondrian, born in Holland in 1872, painted traditional subjects in an increasingly abstract style.
The 2008 Pacific hurricane season was an event in the annual cycle of tropical cyclone formation.
The 2004 Pacific hurricane season officially started May 15 2004 in the eastern Pacific, and June 1 2004 in the central Pacific, and lasted until November 30 2004.
Burn Gorman  is an American-born British actor and musician.
Naoko Mori is a Japanese actress.
Sarsaparilla  ("Smilax regelii" is a perennial trailing vine with prickly stems; it is from tropical America and the West Indies.
Russell T Davies, OBE , is a critically acclaimed British television producer and writer born in Wales.
Hunedoara  is a county  of Romania, in Transylvania.
Murray Gold  is an English composer for stage, film, and television.
In Major League Baseball, the American League Championship Series , played in October, is a playoff round that decides the winner of the American League pennant.
In astronomy, stellar classification is a type of stars based on temperature and its other spectral characteristics, and narrowed by others.
Norwell is a small town in Plymouth County, Massachusetts.
Thoa Mehram Khan is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Talagang Tehsil.
"Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" is a 1937 film which was made in America, it is based on the fairy tale by the Brothers Grimm.
Captain Jack Harkness is a fictional character in the British television series "Doctor Who" and "Torchwood".
Hurricane Fico of the 1978 Pacific hurricane season was a tropical cyclone that caused damage in Hawaii.
"The Best of Billie" is a album by British pop singer Billie Piper.
"Girlfriend" is a single released by Billie Piper in 1998.
The first symbol of this university is the statue of King Naresuan the great.
King Bayinnong , King Rama III in Toungoo Dynasty.
"Transformers" is a 2007 live-action movie adaptation of the "Transformers" franchise, directed by Michael Bay and written by Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman.
Siam Paragon is the biggest department store in South East Asia.
Tropical Storm Ana was the only tropical cyclone in the Atlantic Ocean that began in the month of April.
Hymenoptera is one a larger orders of insects comprising the sawflies, wasps, bees, and ants.
Syrian Americans are citizens of the United States of Syrian ancestry or nationality.
The dipole antenna is one of the most important and commonly used type of radio frequency  antenna.
Analog signal processors is used to provide brief signal manipulation that can be very complex to handle any other way.
Delta Lea Goodrem  is an Australian actress and singer.
The Tiber River is a river in Italy.
The flag of Italy is a tricolour flag.
Venom is a villain character in the Spider-Man world.
Kelechukwu Rowland Okereke or Kele Okereke is a singer and guitar player for the rock band Bloc Party.
Russell Lissack is a guitar player for the rock band Bloc Party and is also in the band Pin Me Down.
Matthew Chee Hung Tong or Matt Tong plays the drums for the rock band Bloc Party.
Gordon Peter Moakes  is an English bass guitar player and singer for the rock band Bloc Party.
"With the Lights Out" is a box set album by the American grunge band Nirvana.
The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People is a book by Stephen R.
In 1845, German physicist Gustav kirchhoff first described two laws.
Peter Henlein  , was a locksmith and watchmaker from Nuremberg.
Microfabrication is made up of the words micro and fabrication.
Magnetron is a tube for microwave.
Sanghar  is a city in the Sindh province of Pakistan.
Dadu  is town in Sindh, Pakistan.
Hyderabad City Taluka is an administrative subdivision  of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.
Hyderabad can mean more than one city.
Hyderabad Taluka  is an administrative subdivision  of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.
Hatri is a Union Council of Hyderabad Taluka  in the Sindh province of Pakistan.
Masu Bhurgri is a Union Council of Hyderabad Taluka  in the Sindh province of Pakistan.
Masu Bhurgri is a Union Council of Hyderabad Taluka  in the Sindh province of Pakistan.
Haji Sawan Khan Gopang is a Union Council of Hyderabad Taluka  in the Sindh province of Pakistan.
Tando Qaisar is a town and Union Council of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.
Tando Hyder is a town and Union Council of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.
Husri is a town and Union Council of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.
Moolan is a town and Union Council of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.
Tando Fazal is a town and Union Council of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.
Tando Jam  is a town and Union Council of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.
Jacobabad is the capital city of Jacobabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.
Upper Sind Frontier District was a district of the Bombay Presidency during British Rule in what is now the Sindh province of Pakistan.
Origin of haptic.
Jamshoro  is the capital city of Jamshoro District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.
Khairpur   is the twelfth largest city in the province of Sindh in southeast Pakistan.
Khayrpur or Khairpur was a princely state on the Indus River in what is now Pakistan, with its capital city at Khayrpur.
Bahawalpur was a princely state of the Punjab in what is now Pakistan, stretching along the southern bank of the Sutlej and Indus Rivers, with its capital city at Bahawalpur.
Dokri Taluka  is an administrative subdivision  of Larkana District in the Sindh province of Pakistan, the city of Larkana is the capital..
Larkana or Larkano  is city of the Sindh Province, Pakistan.
Larkana Taluka is an administrative subdivision  of Larkana District in the Sindh province of Pakistan, the city of Larkana is the capital.
Mirpur Khas  is a city located in the province of Sindh in Pakistan.
Allahabad is a town of Nawabshah District in the southern Sindh province of Pakistan.
Nawabshah Airport is located at Nawabshah, Sindh, Pakistan.
Naushahro Feroze  is town in Naushahro Feroze District, Sindh, Pakistan.
Tando Allahyar  is a town in Sindh, Pakistan.
Began Jarwar is a town and Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan.
Bukera Sharif is a town and Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan.
Dad Khan Jarwar is a town and Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan, it has a population of 65,295.
Dasori is a town and Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan.
Dhaghano Bozdar is a town and Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan.
Mirabad is a town and Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan.
Missan is a Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in Sindh, Pakistan.
Pak Singhar is a town and Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan.
Piyaro Lund is a town and Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan, it has a population of 23,613.
Piyaro Lund is a town and Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan.
Shaikh Moosa is a town and Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan.
Tando Soomro, or Tando Soomaro, is a village and Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.
Jalalabad  is a city in eastern Afghanistan.
The Politics of Pakistan has seen many changes over the years.
The President of Pakistan  is the head of state of Pakistan.
Justicia adhatoda (Adulsa, Malabar Nut; syn.
Bakrani  is a town in Larkana District, Sindh province of Pakistan.
Ephedra is a genus of gymnosperm shrubs, the only genus in the family Ephedraceae and order Ephedrales.
Ratodero is the capital of Ratodero Taluka a "sub-division" of Larkana District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.
English is the official language of Pakistan while Urdu is the national language despite not being a native language or being the mother tongue of any native group in the country.
The Bismarck Rock Days "" is a free outdoors music festival.
Empedocles (Greek: Ἐμπεδοκλῆς, ca.
Forensic psychology is a branch of psychology that works with the law and legal system.
In professional wrestling, a tag team is a team of two wrestlers who are working together as a team .
Tajja means a professional gambler in Korea.
Opportunity cost is the value of the next best thing after making a decision.
Virgin Killer is the fourth album by the German heavy metal band Scorpions.
Dendrobium is one of the largest families of orchids with somewhere around 1000 species being known.
BBC HD is a high-definition television channel provided by the BBC.
Yulia Vladimirovna Barsukova  is a Russian former rhythmic gymnast.
The Book of Baruch, sometimes called 1 Baruch, is a deuterocanonical or apocryphal book of the Bible.
Korea baseball organization.
Scorpions are a heavy metal/hard rock band from Hanover, Germany, probably best known for their 1980s rock anthem "Rock You Like a Hurricane" and their singles "No One Like You", "Still Loving You", and "Wind of Change".
The Internet Watch Foundation  is a organization in the United Kingdom that gets reports from people and acts on those reports.
Shakargarh, the headquarters of Shakargarh Tehsil, is a city in the north-east of Pakistan in Narowal District of Punjab province.
The X-Forwarded-For  HTTP header is a standard for finding the where IP address of a client connecting to a web server through an HTTP proxy or load balancer comes from.
British Telecommunications Group plc which trades as BT,  is the privatised UK state telecommunications operator.
Virgin Media Inc.
Be Unlimited, or simply "Be", is a growing UK Internet service provider.
Demon Internet is a British Internet Service Provider.
General Secretary of the Soviet Union was a position in government given to a leader of Soviet Union.
A bachelor is someone who has not been married, does not have a boy or girlfriend and lives on their own or with a roommate.
A nativity scene is a scene of the Nativity of Jesus, or sometimes it may also be a crib .
History.
Phengophobia is an abnormal fear of daylight.
Static electricity means the increase of electric charge on the surface of objects.
The submandibular glands are salivary gland.
Military diving is one type of underwater diving.
"Dagens Næringsliv" is one of Norway's main newspapers.
FSK  is the name of the special forces of Norway's Ministry of Defence.
A piping and instrument diagram  is a simplified representation of a process including the required funcional equipment and instrumentation to make the process work.
Nanjing Greenland Financial Center or Greenland Square Zifeng Tower is a skyscraper in Nanjing, China.
Modular arithmetic is a form of basic arithmetic that is much like a clock, where once you get to twelve the numbers go back to zero.
Live - Friday the 13th is a live album released on Sept.
Tropicana Field is a domed baseball stadium that serves as the home field for the Tampa Bay Rays since 1998.
Jin Mao Tower is a skyscraper in Shanghai, China.
Two International Finance Centre is a skyscraper in Hong Kong.
The Gentoo Penguin  is a species of penguin easily recognized by the white stripe, similar to a bonnet, across it's head.
Fruit bats  are flying mammals that live in dense forests in Africa, Europe, Australia, and Asia.
The Flag of Florida is a white flag with the Seal of Florida centered on it.
The Flag of Libya is just a plain field of green.
Chambar, or Chamber, is a town of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.
The 2008 Formula One season was the 59th FIA Formula One World Championship season.
New York Film Critics Circle Awards are awards given every year to honor excellence in cinema worldwide by an organization of film critics from New York City-based publications.
Donnchad mac Maíl Coluim  renamed as Duncan II (before c.
Messolonghi is a Greek city.
Kalamata is a Greek city.
Matthew R.
Foundation means a starting point.
CITIC Plaza is a skyscraper in Guangzhou, China.
Shun Hing Square is a skyscraper in Shenzhen, China.
Chase Tower is a skyscraper in Indianapolis, United States.
King Harald the fifth, the present king of Norway, was born in 1937.
The Gray Whale  is a baleen whale  that has a layer of blubber up to 10 inches  thick.
Chase Tower is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States.
Le Père Fouettard  was a character who went with St.
The Lord Howe Island stick insect  was thought to have died out in 1930, but more were found in 2001.
The basking shark  is a huge filter feeding shark which grows to be up to about 33 feet  long.
Chamber Taluka is an administrative subdivision  of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh province of Pakistan, the city of Chambar is the capital.
A fortress is a building designed to be defended, which means it was very hard for enemies to get inside.
The modern Malay alphabet is based on the Latin alphabet.
Central Plaza is a skyscraper in Hong Kong.
Bank of China Tower is a skyscraper in Hong Kong.
The fin whale  is a huge baleen whale.
James Skinner can be any of the following people; .
James Skinner CB  was an Anglo-Indian military adventurer in India.
Nauplion is a Greek city.
Lincoln is a city in Talladega County, Alabama, United States.
Linden is a city in and the county seat of Marengo County, Alabama, United States.
Lineville is a city in Clay County, Alabama, United States.
Lipscomb is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States.
Livingston is a city in Sumter County, Alabama, United States.
Luverne is a city in Crenshaw County, Alabama, United States.
Iridaceae are perennial herbs from rhizomes, bulbs or corms comprising about 80 genera and 1,500 species.
The Tampa Bay Area is a area in West Central Florida that include Tampa and St.
Live at Wembley '86 is a set of two discs recorded by English rock band Queen.
Melbourne, Australia had trams invented in 1885 and now the trams are the largest tram network in the world, consisting of 152 miles of tracks, 500 trams, 28 routes, and 1,813 tram stops.
Lincoln City F.C.
Neamţ  is a county  of Romania, in the historic region of Moldavia, with the county seat at Piatra Neamţ.
The Retezat Mountains  are one of the highest massifs in Romania.
Image:Sturts desert pea.jpg|thumb|Sturt's Desert Pea Swainsona formosa, commonly called "Sturt's Desert Pea", is the floral emblem of South Australia It was named after explorer Charles Sturt.
Gossypium sturtianum, commonly called "Sturt's Desert Rose", is the floral emblem of the Northern Territory.
The University of San Francisco, is a private Jesuit university founded in 1855 in San Francisco, California, and is the oldest university in San Francisco.
Hurricane Nora was the first hurricane to a significant danger to the Continental United States since Kathleen in 1976.
Mureş  is a county  of Romania, in the historical region of Transylvania.
This is a list of the football clubs that have played in the English Premier League.
Hurricane Dog was the strongest hurricane in the 1950 Atlantic hurricane season.
Württemberg, formerly known as Wirtemberg, is an area and a former state in southwestern Germany, including parts of the regions Swabia and Franconia.
Tiraspol is the capital city of Transnistria.
Sukhumi is the capital city of Abkhazia.
Tskhinvali is the capital city of South Ossetia.
Mariehamm is the capital city of the Aaland Islands, an autonomous region of Finland.
Funchal is the capital city of Madeira, part of Portugal.
Simferopol is the capital city of Crimea, Ukraine.
Chess boxing is a mixed sport which puts together the sport of boxing with games of chess in every other round.
Iepe B.
Teresa Stratas is a Canadian soprano opera singer.
Beth Groundwater is an American author who has written only one novel, "A Real Basket Case", and was put up for the Best First Novel Agatha Award in 2007.
Yanina "Yana" Farkhadovna Batyrchina  is a former rhythmic gymnast from Russia.
"A Real Basket Case" is a fictional mystery novel that was written by Beth Groundwater.
"Right Now" is the debut album by X Factor winner Leon Jackson.
Leon Jackson is a Scottish singer who won the 4th series of a TV Show in Britian called The X Factor.
Karditsa is a Greek city.
Gooloogong is a small town in New South Wales.
Boorowa is a small town in New South Wales.
Guity Novin  Painter and sculptor founder of the movement Transpressionism, born in Kermanshah, Iran, in 1944, lives and works in Vancouver and Toronto, graduated from the Faculty of Fine Arts in Tehran in 1970.
Transpressionism is an artistic movement that appeared in the late 20th century.
Murringo is a small town in New South Wales.
Wellington is a town in New South Wales.
A white Christmas means that at least an inch of snow has fallen on Christmas Morning.
Binalong  is a small town in New South Wales, Australia.
"Don't Call This Love" is a 2008 single by "The X Factor" winner Leon Jackson.
Astro is a subscription-based direct broadcast satellite service based in Bukit Jalil, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Muscle Shoals is a city in Colbert County, Alabama, United States.
Moulton is a city in Lawrence County, Alabama.
Montevallo is a city in Shelby County, Alabama, United States.
Monroeville is a city in Monroe County, Alabama, United States.
Millbrook is a city in Autauga and Elmore counties in the U.S.
Madison is a city in Limestone and Madison counties in the U.S.
Marion is the county seat of Perry County, Alabama.
Midfield is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States.
Fairhope is a city in Baldwin County, Alabama.
Fairfield is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States.
Fultondale is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States.
Fruithurst is a city in Cleburne County, Alabama, United States.
Fort Payne is a city in DeKalb County, Alabama, United States.
Fort Mitchell, Alabama is a community of 1,400 people located south of Phenix City in Russell County, Alabama, USA.
Foley is a city in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States.
Florence is a city in and the county seat of Lauderdale County, Alabama, United States.
Florala is a city in Covington County, Alabama, United States.
Fayette is a city in Fayette County, Alabama, United States.
Russellville is a city in Franklin County in the U.S.
Robertsdale is a city in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States.
Roanoke is a city in Randolph County, Alabama, United States.
Reform is a city in Pickens County, Alabama, United States.
Red Bay is a city in Franklin County, Alabama, United States.
Rainsville is a city in DeKalb County, Alabama, United States.
Rainbow City is a city in Etowah County, Alabama, United States.
Robert II  was King of Scotland from 1371 through 1390.
Robert III (c.
The Magic Tour was the biggest and final tour by the English rock band Queen with their lead singer Freddie Mercury.
James II  was King of Scotland from 1437 through 1460.
James III (c.
James IV ) was King of Scotland from 1488 through 1513.
James V  was King of Scotland from 1513 through 1542.
George Butterworth  was an English composer.
Sir Charles Villiers Stanford  was an Irish composer who lived in England for most of his life.
History.
Thaksin Shinawatra is a Thai businessman, politician, former Prime Minister of Thailand, and former leader of the populist Thai Rak Thai Party.
Suvarnabhumi Airport located in Bangchoung,Rachatawa,Noungprew and Bangpee district Samotpakarn province.The area of the airport is about 20,000 rai which bigger than Donmuang airportand maybe this airport is the biggest in Asia.
Phitsanulok is an important province in history north of Thailand.
Chatuchak Weekend Market Chatuchak Weekend Market or sometimes called Bangkok market.
Professional wrestling has accrued a considerable amount of slang, in-references and jargon.
Nitrous oxide is a gas with the chemical formula N2O.
A choral scholar is a student at a university who gets money to help with the fees of his or her studies  in exchange for singing in the university’s choir.
George Benjamin  is a British composer.
Episcopal High School was founded in 1839.
Gordon Gray  was an government official of the United States during the administrations of Harry Truman  and Dwight Eisenhower .
William Eustis  Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War.
Rheda Wiedenbrück is a town in the district of Gütersloh, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Debrecen is a city in Hajdu-Bihar, Northern Great Plain, Hungary.
The Oryx  is a fast-running hoofed mammal that lives in dry regions of Africa and Asia .
Kyogo Kawaguchi  is a Japan singer-songwriter.
"I WISH" is a Japanese music group.
is a Japanese band.
Masaharu Fukuyama is a famous singer and actor in Japan.
お好み焼き is a Japanese dish consisting of a pan-fried batter cake and various ingredients.
is a Japanese variant of hot pot.
New Year's Eve is cold "Omisoka" in Japan.
The Season of Advent, which begins on a Sunday about four weeks before Christmas Day, is celebrated by the Catholic and Anglican Churches, as well as some others.
Pyrih  is a Ukrainian pie that can have either a sweet or savory filling.
Queens' College is one of the colleges that make up the University of Cambridge.
The Peace of God was a movement begun by bishops in south France around 990 CE to limit the violence done to property an to the unarmed.
The Shocking Pink  Millipede  is a millipede who has a bright pink color on its spiny body.
A scholarship is financial help  given to someone who wants to study.
The Great Egret  is a large wading bird found worldwide.
The Leeds Triennial Festival was a festival of music held in the town of Leeds, Yorkshire in England.
"Trimeresurus trigonocephalus" is a venomous pitviper species found in Sri Lanka.
A venomous snake is a snake that uses venom on prey to stop them and for self-defense.
Yoxall is a town in Staffordshire, England, UK.
"Trimeresurus jerdonii" is a venomous pitviper species found in India , Burma, Tibet, China and Vietnam.
aXXo is the Internet alias of an individual or group, who has been allegedly harassed by the Motion Picture Association of America  for copyright infringement.
Ernest Moeran  was an English composer.
A despatch rider is someone in the army who delivers messages .
The Ting Tings are an English duo Pop-Retro rock indie band formed in England in 2004.
We Started Nothin is an album recorded by Pop duo The Ting Tings.
"Shut Up and Let Me Go"  is the third single off the studio album "We Started Nothing" by The Ting Tings.
Pakistan-administrated Kashmir  is a territory in Asia.
The 1987 Sino-Indian skirmish occurred at Sumdorong Chu Valley.
Longbridge Plant is an automobile plant in Longbridge, Birmingham, West Midlands, England.
Curzon Street railway station is a former railroad station in Birmingham, United Kingdom.
Holography is a method that uses the wave character of light, which dedicts an exact description, that goes beyond the options of the classic fotography.
In telecommunications, dirty paper coding  is a good way to send digital data through a channel that is subject to some interference that is known to the sender.
The Klamath River is a long river in California.
Bandai Co., Ltd.
Battle is a town in East Sussex, England, UK.
Pakistan-administrated Kashmir  is a territory in Asia.
John Phillip Key  is the 38th and current Prime Minister of New Zealand and leader of the New Zealand National Party.
The New Zealand city of Dunedin is noted for producing a large number of famous people.
Peter Warlock , was an English composer.
A land mine  is a weapon that is put on the ground or just underneath the ground so that it explodes when a person or vehicle goes by.
Charles Wood  was an Irish composer and teacher.
Sir Arthur Bliss,  was a British composer .
Plumbing is a system of pipes that carry water or other fluids.
Copepods  are small, shrimp-like crustaceans that swim in seas, lakes, and ponds.
Donegal is a town in County Donegal, Republic of Ireland.
Dingle is a town in County Kerry, Republic of Ireland.
Young is a town in New South Wales, Australia.
Ammunition, often called ammo, comes from the French word "la munition".
An emirate is a political territory that is ruled by an emir, a dynastic Arab Monarch.
Mike Busniuk  is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player.
"From the study of the development of human intelligence, in all directions, and through all times, the discovery arises of a great fundamental law, to which it is necessarily subject, and which has a solid foundation of proof, both in the facts of our organization and in our historical experience.
The Glasgow Subway is a subway system serving Glasgow, Scotland, UK.
Tyne and Wear Metro is a rapid transit in Newcastle upon Tyne, Gateshead, South Tyneside, North Tyneside and Sunderland in United Kingdom.
Sydney Rae White  is English actress and singer.
Welcome to PCA is the soundtrack of the movie Welcome to PCA.
Pedro P.
Emir  "commander" or "general", also "prince"; also transliterated as amir, aamir or ameer) is a high title of nobility or office.
Launceston is a city in Australia, and is the second biggest city in the state of Tasmania.
A governess is a lady who works for a family, teaching the children in their home.
The Confederation of the Rhine was a client state of First French Empire.
Constant Lambert  was a British composer and conductor.
Kensington is an area in Calgary, Alberta, Canada that is famous for some kinds of entertainment.
Samuel Coleridge-Taylor  was an English composer.
The Pontifical Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro is a Catholic university based in the neighborhood Gavea in the city of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Quim Monzó was born in Barcelona, Spain, in 1952.
The Northern Light Infantry  is a Light Infantry Regiment of the Pakistan Army.
The National Command Authority  of Pakistan will be the Pakistani organisation responsible for policy formulation, and will exercise employment and development control over all strategic nuclear forces and strategic organizations.
There are 23 districts in Sindh, Pakistan.
There are 35 districts in Punjab, Pakistan.
There are 24 districts in NWFP.
A setting is the time, place, and atmosphere (e.g.
Pakistan has several official national symbols including a historic document, a flag, an emblem, an anthem, a memorial tower as well as several national heroes.
Reptilian humanoids are a common motif in mythology, folklore, cryptozoology, science fiction, fantasy, ufology, and conspiracy theories.
The Sei whale  is a dark-gray, stream-lined baleen whale that is found worldwide except in polar waters.
Vithoba is a Hindu god worshipped mainly in the Indian states of Maharashtra and Karnataka.
Breadalbane  is a small village on the Lachlan River in New South Wales, Australia.
A hydrofoil is a type of boat that can lift it's hull out of the water with a pair of special wings underwater.
Gundaroo is a small village in New South Wales, Australia.
John James "Jack" Adams  was a Canadian professional ice hockey player, coach and general manager in the National Hockey League and Pacific Coast Hockey Association.
Almas Tower is a skyscraper in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Emirates Office Tower is a skyscraper in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Jumeirah Emirates Towers Hotel is a skyscraper in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Jeremy Adduono  is a Canadian professional ice hockey winger.
Old College is a building in Edinburgh, United Kingdom.
"Garage Inc." is a cover album by American heavy metal band Metallica, released in 1998.
The Christmas 1994 nor'easter was a strong cyclone along the East Coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada.
The Wear is a river in England.
The Tees is a river in England.
Rutland Boughton  was an English composer.
The Bayreuth Festspielhaus  is an opera house in the town of Bayreuth, Germany.
Kilmalcolm is a town in Inverclyde, Scotland, UK.
Port Glasgow is a town in Inverclyde, Scotland, UK.
Largs is a town in North Ayrshire, Scotland, UK.
Dunoon is a town in Argyll and Bute, Scotland, UK.
Falkland is a town in Fife, Scotland, UK.
Saving Abel is an American rock band formed in 2004 in Mississippi.
Carl Reinecke  was a Danish-born composer, conductor, and pianist.
Saving Abel  is the debut self-titled album by American rock band formed in 2004 called Saving Abel.
On March 11th, 2008, the rock band Saving Abel released their hit studio album called Saving Abel .
"18 Days" is the second single off the album by Saving Abel called "Saving Abel ".
Dagenham is an area of London, United Kingdom.
Grays is a town in Essex, England, UK.
Carcoar is a town in New South Wales, Australia.
Gravesend is a town in Kent, England, UK.
The Bach Choir is a world-famous amateur choir based in London.
Oban is a town in Argyll and Bute, Scotland, UK.
Argyll and Bute is a council area of Scotland, UK.
Halesowen is a town in West Midlands, England, UK.
"The King of Fighters '94" is a fighting game released by SNK for the Neo Geo arcade and home console.
"102 Dalmatians"  is a 2000 live-action motion picture, produced by The Walt Disney Company and starring Glenn Close as the villainous Cruella de Vil.
Cruella De Vil  is the villain in the Dodie Smith book The Hundred and One Dalmatians who kidnaps  the puppies for their fur.
"101 Dalmatians" is a movie made by The Walt Disney Company in 1996.
The African Wildcats  are small, fierce cats that live in forests, grasslands, and brush lands in Africa and the Middle East.
A gale is a very strong wind.
Marin Marais  was a French composer and viol player.
Camberley is a town in Surrey, England, UK.
Petersfield is a town in Hampshire, England, UK.
Waterlooville is a town in Hampshire, England, UK.
Havant is a town in Hampshire, England, UK.
Steyning  is a town in West Sussex, England, UK.
Lancing is a town in West Sussex, England, UK.
Bognor Regis is a town in West Sussex, England, UK.
Burgess Hill is a town in West Sussex, England, UK.
Westhampnett  is a village in West Sussex, England, UK.
Haywards Heath is a town in West Sussex, England, UK.
Lewes  is a town in East Sussex, England, UK.
Uckfield is a town in East Sussex, England, UK.
Bexhill-on-Sea is a town in East Sussex, England, UK.
Royal Tunbridge Wells is a town in Kent, England, UK.
Folkestone is a town in Kent, England, UK.
Lundy is an island off the coast of Devon, England, UK.
Westward Ho! is a town in Devon, England, UK.
Bude is a town in Cornwall, England, UK.
Padstow is a town in Cornwall, England, UK.
Pima County is one of the 15 counties in the US state of Arizona.
Aviemore is a town in Highland, Scotland, UK.
Swansea is a city and county in Wales, UK.
John Ireland  was an English composer.
Bathgate is a town in West Lothian, Scotland, UK.
The Joint Typhoon Warning Center  is a joint United States Navy – United States Air Force task force located at Naval Maritime Forecast Center in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii.
Dwarf elephants are prehistoric elephants, which lives in the Pleistocene period of history.
Kwajaein is part of the Republic of the Marshall Islands .
Bo'ness  is a town in the Falkirk council area of Scotland, UK.
Harry Smith  is a Canadian-British professional wrestler who currently works for World Wrestling Entertainment.
Kilwinning is a town in North Ayrshire, Scotland, UK.
Lasswade is a town in Midlothian, Scotland, UK.
West Lothian is a council area in Scotland, UK.
Midlothian is a landlocked council area of Scotland, UK.
East Lothian is a council area in Scotland, UK.
The Falkirk council area is in Scotland, UK.
Frank Bridge  was an English composer, violist and conductor.
Auchtertool is a town in Fife, Scotland, UK.
Cowdenbeath is a town in Fife, Scotland, UK.
Moray is a council area in Scotland, UK.
South Ayrshire is a council area of Scotland, UK.
Angus is a council area of Scotland, UK.
Clackmannanshire is a council area in Scotland, UK.
Selby is a town in North Yorkshire, England, UK.
Goole is a town in the East Riding of Yorkshire of England, UK.
Burnley is a large town in Lancashire, England, UK.
Broadstairs is a town in Kent, England, UK.
Street is a town in Somerset, England, UK.
Warminster is a town in Wiltshire, England, UK.
Wisbech is a town in Cambridgeshire, England, UK.
Pant is a town in Shropshire, England, UK.
Southport is a coastal town in Merseyside, England, UK.
Central means the center of something.
Rivalries in the National Hockey League  have happendned between many teams and cities.
__NOTOC__ .
A hockey stick is a move in the ballroom dances Rumba and Cha Cha.
Belves is a commune in the Dordogne Department in the south-west of France.
The arrondissement of Tournon-sur-Rhône is an arrondissement of France, located in the Ardèche "département", in the Rhône-Alpes "région".
Checkmate  is a when in chess a player's king is threatened with capture  and there is no way to meet that threat.
The WWE Tribute to the Troops is a televised event held every year since 2005 by World Wrestling Entertainment  in December around Christmas and Hanukkah.
Bruce George Gamble  is a former professional ice hockey goaltender who played 10 season in the NHL between 1962 and 1972.
The 1937–38 NHL season was the 21st season of the National Hockey League .
Kenneth "Poppi" Freeman (d.
Scientists make hypotheses and theories about their fields of study.
Kenosha is a city in Kenosha County in the U.S.
Kenosha County is a county in the U.S.
A tape drive or streamer is a component that is often attached to a computer.
A Cache algorithm is an algorithm used to manage a cache.
Quincy is a city in Norfolk County in the U.S.
"Golden" is a piano pop song off the album by Fall Out Boy called "Infinity on High".
Edward N.
Live from Le Cabaret is a hit live studio album by Rock-Pop band "Maroon 5".
Thermodynamic entropy is a measure of how organized or disorganized energy is in a system of atoms or molecules.
Cornell University is a college in Ithaca, New York.
Ragù alla bolognese, or Bolognese sauce  is a meat-based sauce for pasta.
Dr.
The Pug is a dog that has a squarely-built body and a flat, wrinkled face.
A Command Economy System is when the main decision maker is the government.
Charles Edward Ives  was an American composer.
A flageolet is an old woodwind instrument.
Opéra National de Paris is the most important opera company of France.
Faust or Faustus is a character from German legendary stories.
Robert Mulligan  was an Academy Award-nominated American film and television director.
Austin was a British car manufacturer formed in 1905, the company merged with Morris in 1952, becoming the lead partner in British Motor Company.
The flag of Puerto Rico consists of five equal horizontal bands of red  alternating with white; a blue isosceles triangle based on the hoist side bears a large, white, five-pointed star in the center.
The Islamic Crescent is a symbol consisting of a crescent with a star at the concave side.
"Wake Up Call " is a remix version of a single released in 2007 by Maroon 5 called Wake Up Call.
Cootamundra is a town in New South Wales, Australia.
The Cootamundra Wattle is a Australian shrub or tree.
Kermanshah or Kermashan , is the capital city of Kermanshah Province, located 525 km from Tehran in the western part of Iran and it is about 120 km from the border of Iraq.
Rider King Strong  is an American film and television actor.
John O'Meally (b.
The Maroon 5 Hit 3 Pack was released only as a digital download special  November 17th, 2007.
iTunes Essentials, "for Maroon 5", was re-released October of 2008 .
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe's "Faust" is the most famous play in all German literature.
Chromatic is an indie Dance ggroup formed in 2005.
Nitric Acid  is a very corrosive and toxic strong acid.
Peter Fechter  is one of the best known victims of the Berlin Wall.
Manchester Metrolink is an urban light rail system in Greater Manchester, England.
Nitrate  is a water-soluble molecule made up of one nitrogen and three oxygen atoms.
Supertram is a tram network in Sheffield, England.
"Happy Xmas " is a song by John Lennon, Yoko Ono and the The Plastic Ono Band.
Nottingham Express Transit  is a light-rail tramway in the Nottingham area in England.
Queanbeyan is a city in New South Wales, Australia.
Sarah Brightman  is an English classical crossover soprano, actress, songwriter and dancer.
Philip IV ,  was King of Spain between 1621 and 1665 He was also sovereign of the Spanish Netherlands and King of Portugal until 1640.
UTC+10 means a time zone that is 10 hours ahead of Coordinated Universal Time or UTC.
Mount Erebus is a volcano in Antarctica.
Air New Zealand Flight 901 was a scheduled passenger flight that crashed into Mount Erebus on November 28, 1979.
"Amborella trichopoda" is a small, evergreen, doecious shrub that occurs only in the moist, shaded understory of montane forests on the South Pacific island of New Caledonia.
Sandon, British Columbia is one a mining town in British Columbia, Canada.
UTC+11 means a time zone that is 11 hours ahead of Coordinated Universal Time or UTC.
"God is dead"  is a well known and widely used quote taken from a statement by German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche.
Jean-François Le Sueur   was a French composer, best known for his oratorios and operas.
Anton Reicha  was a Czech-born composer who became naturalized French.
British Rail's Class 01 diesel locomotives were a short wheelbase 0-4-0 diesel-mechanical design intended for use in areas with tight curves and limited clearance.
The British Rail Class 02 were a class of twenty 0-4-0 diesel-hydraulic shunting locomotives.
The British Rail Class 03 locomotive is, together with Class 04, one of BR's most successful smaller 0-6-0 diesel-mechanical shunters.
The British Rail Class 04 0-6-0 diesel-mechanical shunting locomotive class was built between 1952 and 1962.
Tajiks  are an originally Persian-speaking peoples of Iranian origin, widespread in present-day Afghanistan, Tajikistan, southern Uzbekistan, north west Pakistan and western China.
The Cantonese Wikipedia  is the Cantonese edition of Wikipedia, run by the Wikimedia Foundation.
"Heart-Shaped Box" is a song by the American grunge band Nirvana.
The Wu Wikipedia is the Wu edition of Wikipedia, run by the Wikimedia Foundation.
The British Rail Class 05 is a class of 0-6-0 diesel-mechanical shunters built by Hunslet Engine Company from 1955 to 1961.
The British Rail Class 06 is a class of 0-4-0 diesel-mechanical shunters built by Andrew Barclay from 1958 to 1960 for use on the Scottish Region of British Railways.
Paul Ivan Thompson  was a Canadian ice hockey player.
Junior ice hockey, most often referred to as junior hockey, describes many levels of ice hockey play for players generally between the ages of 16 and 20 years old.
The British Rail Class 07 diesel locomotive is an off-centre cab dock shunter.
The 'Memorial Cup is the trophy for the winners of the Canadian Hockey League .
The British Rail Class 08 is a class of diesel locomotive designed for shunting.
Few step for an enterprise to become an export organisation are:- 1) REGISTRATION AS A BUSINESS ENTITY:- A new export unit can be started by registering as proprietorship, partnership or imited liability company.
Yellow fever is an illness which is caused by a virus.
Alexandra Imelda Cecelia Ewan Burke  is an English soul singer.
The Opéra-Comique is an opera house and opera company in Paris.
TruthOut.org is a political website aimed at providing another choice to mainstream news sources.
Sir Walter Scott, 1st Baronet  was a Scottish novelist and poet.
The British Rail Class 09 is a class of 0-6-0 diesel locomotive designed primarily for shunting but also short distance freight trips along branch lines.
The British Rail Class 10 diesel locomotive was a variation on the Class 08 diesel-electric shunter.
The British Rail Class 11 is diesel shunting locomotive built from April 1945 to December 1952.
The British Rail Class 12 is a diesel locomotive built mainly for shunting duties.
The British Rail Class 13 was formed in 1965.
The British Rail Class 14 is a type of small diesel-hydraulic locomotive built in the mid-1960s.
The British Rail Class 15 diesel locomotives, also known as the BTH Type 1, were designed by British Thomson-Houston, and built by the Yorkshire Engine Company and the Clayton Equipment Company, between 1957 and 1961.
The North British Type 1  was a type of diesel locomotive ordered under British Railways' 1955 Modernisation Plan.
The Clayton Type 1  was a class of diesel locomotive operated by British Railways.
The British Rail Class 20, also known as an English Electric Type 1, is a class of diesel electric locomotive.
The pawn  is the most weak piece in the game of chess, standing for infantry, or armed peasants or pikemen.
The North British Type 2 diesel-electric  was a type of diesel locomotive built by the North British Locomotive Company in Glasgow for British Railways in 1958-1960.
The British Rail Class 22, or "Baby Warship", was a class of diesel-hydraulic locomotives designed for the Western Region and built by North British Locomotive Company.
The British Rail Class 23 Bo-Bo Diesel-electric locomotives  were a ten strong class of locomotives built by the English Electric Company in 1959.
The British Rail Class 24 diesel locomotives, also known as the Sulzer Type 2, were built from 1958 to 1961.
The British Rail Class 25 diesel locomotives were also known as Sulzer Type 2 and nicknamed Rats.
The British Rail Class 26 diesel locomotives, also known as the BRCW Type 2, were built by the Birmingham Railway Carriage & Wagon Company  at Smethwick in 1958-59.
British Rail's Class 27 was a diesel locomotive built by built by the Birmingham Railway Carriage and Wagon Company  during 1961 and 1962.
The British Rail Class 28  diesel locomotives, or 'Metrovicks' as they were popularly known, were built as part of the British Railways Modernisation plan.
The British Rail Class 29 consisted of 20 diesel locomotives which were rebuilt from the North British Class 21.
Summary.
The Solanales are an order of flowering plants, included in the asterid group of dicotyledons.
The British Rail Class 31 diesel locomotives, also known as the Brush Type 2 and originally as Class 30, were built by Brush Traction from 1957-62.
The British Rail Class 33 also known as the BRCW Type 3 or Crompton is a class of Bo-Bo diesel locomotives ordered in 1957 and built for the Southern Region of British Railways between 1959 and 1963.
The British Rail Class 35 is a class of mixed traffic B-B diesel locomotive with hydraulic transmission.
The British Rail Class 37 is a diesel-electric locomotive.
The British Rail Class 40 is a type of British railway diesel locomotive.
Asterids are clades and are found in the APG II system.
Eudicots and Eudicotyledons are a type of flowering plant.
Caryophyllales is a flowering plant order that includes the cacti, carnations, amaranths, ice plants, and most carnivorous plants.
There have been two distinct types of British Rail locomotive that are referred to as Class 41.
British Railways'  Type 4 "Warship" class diesel-hydraulic locomotives were introduced in 1958.
There have been two distinct types of British Rail locomotive that have been allocated Class 43.
The British Rail Class 44 or Sulzer Type 4 diesel locomotives were built by British Railways' Derby Works between 1959 to 1960.
The British Rail Class 45 also known as the Sulzer Type 4 diesel locomotives were built by British Rail at their Derby and Crewe Works between 1960 and 1962.
The British Rail Class 46 is a class of diesel locomotive.
The British Rail Class 47  is a class of British railway diesel-electric locomotive that was developed in the 1960s by Brush Traction.
The British Rail Class 48 was a diesel locomotive class which consisted of five examples, built at Brush Falcon Works in Loughborough and delivered between September 1965 and July 1966.
The British Rail  Class 50 is a diesel locomotive built from 1967-68 by English Electric at their Vulcan Foundry Works in Newton-le-Willows.
British Rail assigned Class 52 to the class of 74 large Type 4 diesel-hydraulic locomotives built for the Western Region of British Railways between 1961 and 1964.
British Rail assigned Class 53 to the single Brush Traction-built prototype locomotive Falcon.
The British Rail Class 55 is a class of diesel locomotive built between 1961 and 1962 by English Electric.
The British Rail Class 56 is a type of diesel locomotive designed for heavy freight work.
The British Rail Class 57 diesel locomotives were introduced by Brush Traction between 1997-2004.
The British Rail Class 58 is a class of Co-Co diesel locomotive designed for heavy freight.
The Class 59 Co-Co diesel locomotives were built and introduced between 1985 and 1995 by General Motors Electro-Motive Diesel  for private British companies, initially Foster Yeoman.
The British Rail Class 60 is a class of Co-Co diesel locomotive designed for heavy freight work.
The Class 66 locomotive is a development of the Class 59 and used both on British and European railway networks—where it is marketed as EMD Series 66.
The Class 67 locomotives were built from 1999 to 2000 by Alstom in Valencia, Spain under sub-contract from General Motors Diesel in Canada.
The British Rail class 70 was a class of three 3rd rail Co-Co electric locomotives.
On the 26 November 2007, Freightliner UK and General Electric announced Project Genesis.
"Balaenoptera omurai" is a species of whale about which almost nothing is known.
A rook,  also known as a castle, is a piece in the board game of chess.
Angels and Airwaves is an American punk pop band.
Shrothrium Kolathur is situated in Arakkonam Taluk of Vellore District.
Dr.
Louis Antoine Jullien  was a French conductor who was famous for his showmanship.
Safety EP is the debut Extended play album by Rock-Pop band Coldplay.
Parachutes is the debut album by Coldplay.
A Rush of Blood to the Head eas released August of 2002 by Coldplay.
X&Y is the third album by Coldplay.
Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends  is the fourth hit studio album by Rock-Pop band Coldplay.
"Lost" is a series of songs/singles recorded aspecially by Coldplay.
The British Rail Class 71 was an electric locomotive used on the Southern Region of British Railways.
The British Rail Class 73 electro-diesel locomotives are very unusual in that they can operate from a 750 V DC third-rail supply but also have a diesel engine to allow them to operate on non-electrified routes.
British Rail class 74 was an electro-diesel locomotive that operated on the Southern Region of British Railways, rebuilt from redundant Class 71 locomotives in the late 1960s.
The British Rail Class 76, also known as Class EM1, is a class of 1.5kV DC, Bo-Bo electric locomotive designed for use on the now-closed Woodhead Line in Northern England.
Class 80 was the TOPS classification allocated by British Rail to the prototype 25 kV AC electric locomotive.
The British Rail Class 77, also known as Class EM2, is a class of 1.5 kV DC, Co-Co electric locomotive.
The British Rail Class 81 is an AC electric locomotive that formerly operated on the West Coast Main Line of the London Midland Region of British Rail.
The British Rail Class 84 was a 25 kV AC electric locomotive that operated on the West Coast Main Line of the London Midland Region.
The British Rail Class 86 was the standard electric locomotive built during the 1960s, developed as a result of testing with the earlier Classes 81, 82, 83, 84 and 85.
The British Rail Class 87 is a type of electric locomotive built from 1973-75 by British Rail Engineering Limited .
The British Rail Class 82 electric locomotives were built by Beyer, Peacock and Company between 1960 and 1962 as part of the West Coast Main Line electrification.
The British Rail Class 83 electric locomotives were built by English Electric at Vulcan Foundry, Newton-le-Willows as part of the West Coast Main Line electrification.
The British Rail Class 85 is an electric locomotive built during the early 1960s, as part of BR's policy to develop a standard electric locomotive.
The Class 89 is a prototype design for an electric locomotive.
The British Rail Class 90 electric locomotives were built by BREL at Crewe from 1987-1990.
The Japan Cup is the most important horse race in Japan.
There have been a number of TOPS class numbers assigned to proposed locomotives that have not been built for one reason or another.
The British Rail Class 91 is a class of 140 mph, 6,300 hp electric locomotives ordered specifically for the East Coast Main Line modernisation and electrification programme of the late 1980s.
Plesiosauria  are an order of Mesozoic marine reptiles.
"Enchanted" is a 2007 American musical film, produced by Walt Disney Pictures, written by Bill Kelly and directed by Kevin Lima.
The Class 92 is a dual-voltage British railway locomotive which can run on 25 kV AC from overhead wires or 750 V DC from a third rail.
Class 93 is the traction classification assigned to the electric locomotives that were to enter service as part of British Rail's "InterCity 250" project on the West Coast Main Line.
East Coast Main Line is a electrified main line between London and Edinburgh in United Kingdom.
West Coast Main Line is a main line between London and Glasgow in United Kingdom.
Georg Michaelis  became the first Chancellor of Germany with a non-noble background.
The 1994 Atlantic hurricane season was the time from June 1 to November 30, 1994 when hurricanes officially formed in the Atlantic Ocean.
The British Rail Class 100 diesel multiple units were built by Gloucester Railway Carriage & Wagon Company Limited from 1956 to 1958, designed and built in collaboration with the Transport Sales Dept.
The British Rail Class 101 diesel multiple units were built by Metro-Cammell at Washwood Heath in Birmingham from 1956 to 1959, following construction of a series of prototype units.
The British Rail Class 103 diesel multiple units were built by Park Royal Vehicles with diesel engines by British United Traction .
The British Rail Class 104 diesel multiple units were built by Birmingham Railway Carriage and Wagon Company from 1957 to 1959.
The British Rail Class 105 diesel multiple units were built by Cravens Ltd.
The British Rail Class 107 diesel multiple units were built by the Derby Works of British Railways and were introduced in 1960.
The British Rail Class 108 diesel multiple units were built by BR Derby from 1958 to 1961, with a final production quantity of 333 vehicles.
The British Rail Class 109 is a class of 2-car diesel multiple units built in 1957 by Wickham & Co.
"Yeh Dil Aap Ka Huwa"  is a 2002 Pakistani Urdu film starring Sana, Moammar Rana and Saleem Sheikh among others.
The Class 110 DMUs were built by the Birmingham Railway Carriage and Wagon Company in conjunction with the Drewry Car Co.
The Class 111 DMUs were based on 2s, but with different engines.
The Class 112 DMUs used the standard Cravens body used for Class 105s but had a single Rolls-Royce engine of 238 hp per car, and they were all formed into 'power twins'- two car sets with both vehicles powered.
The British Rail Class 114 diesel multiple units were built by BR Derby from 1956 to 1957.
The 1995 Atlantic hurricane season was the time from June 1 to November 30, 1995 when hurricanes officially formed in the Atlantic Ocean.
A red giant is a very big star that does not weigh very much.
Hypergiants are the largest stars in the Universe, even larger than supergiants.
"Shiver" is a single released by rock band Coldplay.
"Yellow" is a song recorded and written by Coldplay in 1999.
"Don't Panic!" is a hit single by rock band  Coldplay.
"In My Place" was released August 2002.
This is a list of video games in the "Mario" series.
A puck is a circle-shaped object that is used in some games instead of a ball.
Târgovişte is a city in the Dâmboviţa County of Romania.
Antonio Cipriano José María y Francisco de Santa Ana Machado y Ruiz, known as Antonio Machado , was a Spanish poet and one of the leading figures of the Spanish literary movement known as the Generation of '98.
Garcilaso de la Vega (Toledo, c.
The "Nepenthes", often know as "Tropical Pitcher Plants" or "Monkey Cups", are a genus of carnivorous plants in the family of the Nepenthaceae where we can find about 120 species .
is a manga series made by the mangaka.
These 41 high density sets operated the outer-suburban services from Marylebone usually to destinations such as High Wycombe, Aylesbury and Banbury which are on the Chiltern Main Line and Great Central Main Line .
It Won't Be Soon Before Long: DVD Edition is the original music video version  re-released from the original 12 Tracked album released in 2007 by Maroon 5 called "It Won't Be Soon Before Long".
Pomaia is a little village , near the city of  Santa Luce, in the Province of Pisa, Tuscany, Italy.
Morellino di Scansano DOCG is an Italian red wine made in the hills of the village of Scansano , in the Maremma, which includes a part of the coast of southern Tuscany.
Vino Nobile di Montepulciano (in english lit.
Brunello di Montalcino is a red Italian wine made in the vineyards surrounding the town of Montalcino located about southwest of Florence, Tuscany, Italy.
The Borodin Quartet is a string quartet that was founded in 1945 in what was then the Soviet Union.
Pienza, a town  in the province of Siena, in the Val d'Orcia in Tuscany , between the towns of Montepulciano and Montalcino, is the "touchstone of Renaissance urbanism." In 1996, UNESCO put the town his list as a World Heritage Site, and in 2004 the all valley, the "Val d'Orcia", was put on the list of UNESCO's World Cultural Landscapes.
An interactive whiteboard is the modern version of the traditional boards we all know from school.
"Sue", specimen ID FMNH PR2081, is the largest, most extensive and best preserved Tyrannosaurus rex skeleton ever found.
DOCG is the short version of "Denominazione di Origine Controllata e Garantita", a warranty mark used in Italy, about the wines, for to help who buy wines against fake wines or frauds.
The Ivan River is a tributary of the Nireş River in Romania.
The Şapte Fântâni River is a tributary of the Ivan River in Romania.
The Oancea River is a tributary of the Prut River in Romania.
The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Aita River in Romania.
The Ulmul River is a tributary of the Aita River in Romania.
The Topologel River is a tributary of the Topolog River in Romania.
Here there is a list with the typically dishes fom region Tuscany, Italy.
Karpinisi is a mountainous Greek city.
Empoli is a town in Tuscany, Italy, about 30 km southwest of Florence.
Igoumenitsa is a small Greek city.
Larderello is a "frazione" of the "comune" of Pomarance, in Tuscany in central Italy.
Overview.
The Minneapolis Millers were an ice hockey team that played in the American Hockey Association.
The American Hockey Association was a minor professional ice hockey league between 1926 and 1942.
Bellevue is a small hamlet near the Crowsnest Pass of the Rocky Mountains found in southern Alberta, Canada.
The College of William & Mary in Virginia  is a public university located in Williamsburg, Virginia, United States.
Tramway tracks are used on tramways or light railways.
The Sibelaş River is a tributary of the Sibiel River in Romania.
The Valea Cetăţii River is a tributary of the Sibiel River in Romania.
Light rail or light rail transit  is a form of urban rail public transportation.
The Pârâul lui Toderaş is a tributary of the Sibiel River in Romania.
The Valea Utii River is a tributary of the Pârâul lui Toderaş in Romania.
The London County Council Tramways was a large network of public street tramways.
The Nicolina River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
The PCC  streetcar  design was first built in the United States in the 1930s.
The Valea Locei River or Loca River is a tributary of the Nicolina River in Romania.
The Frumoasa River is a tributary of the Valea Locei River in Romania.
The Bârnova River is a tributary of the Nicolina River in Romania.
The Heritage Lottery Fund  is a fund established in the United Kingdom under the National Lottery etc.
The Ezăreni River or Iezăreni River is a tributary of the Nicolina River in Romania.
The Horleşti River is a tributary of the Voineşti River in Romania.
Douglas  is the capital and largest town of the Isle of Man .
The Săuzeni River is a tributary of the Voineşti River in Romania.
Vâlcea  is a county  of Romania.
Gateshead is a town in Tyne and Wear, England.
Ambergate is a village in Derbyshire, England, where the River Amber joins the River Derwent.
Rotherham is a town in South Yorkshire, England.
Grimsby  is a seaport on the Humber Estuary in Lincolnshire, England.
Halle is the largest city in the German State of Saxony-Anhalt.
There have been two separate generations of trams in London, from 1860 to 1952 and from 2000.
The Durduc River is a tributary of the Săuzeni River in Romania.
The Căsuţa Mare River is a tributary of the Săuzeni River in Romania.
Clay Cross is a former mining town and civil parish in the North East Derbyshire district of Derbyshire, England, about six miles south of Chesterfield.
The Goeşti River is a tributary of the Albeşti River in Romania.
The Talyllyn Railway  is a narrow-gauge preserved railway running for from Tywyn on the Mid-Wales coast to Nant Gwernol near the village of Abergynolwyn.
The Valea Lacului River is a tributary of the Goeşti River in Romania.
The Niculeşti River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
The Hill of Howth Tramway, or just "Howth Tram", operated from June 1901 to June 1959 and served Howth Head, near Dublin, Ireland.
The Bucureasa Mare River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Bucureasa Mică River is a tributary of the Bucureasa Mare River in Romania.
A trolley pole is a tapered cylindrical pole of wood or metal, used to transfer electricity from a "live" overhead wire to the control and propulsion equipment of a tram or trolley bus.
A bow collector is one of the three main devices used on tramcars to transfer electric current from the wires above to the tram below.
A pantograph is a device that collects electric current from overhead lines for electric trains or trams.
The Şipotele River is a tributary of the Telejenel River in Romania.
The Buzăianu River or Buzoianu River is a tributary of the Şipotele River in Romania.
The Pârâul Alb is a tributary of the Telejenel River in Romania.
The Pârâul Sterp is a tributary of the Pârâul Alb in Romania.
The Pârâul Cetăţii is a headwater of the Telejenel River in Romania.
The Chiojdul River is a tributary of the Pârâul Cetăţii in Romania.
The Zăvoarele River is a tributary of the Telejenel River in Romania.
In ice hockey, an assist is when up to two players of the scoring team shoots, passes or deflects the puck towards the scoring teammate, or touched it in any other way which made the goal.
The Mânăila River is a tributary of the Zăvoarele River in Romania.
Water Stratford is a village and civil parish that can be found inside of the Aylesbury Vale district in Buckinghamshire, England.
__NOTOC__ A.
__NOTOC__ .
__NOTOC__ .
Burnt Hill is a hamlet in Berkshire, England.
Bar Hill is a village that can be found about 4 miles  northwest of Cambridge, England.
Yielden is a village in Bedfordshire that can be found near the borders with Northamptonshire and Cambridgeshire.
The Boncuţa River is a tributary of the Telejenel River in Romania.
The Ciobu River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
The Mislea River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
Mislea is a commune of Prahova County in Romania.
The Cosmina River is a tributary of the Mislea River in Romania.
The Mislea Seacă River is a tributary of the Mislea River in Romania.
The Leaotu River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
The Soava River is a tributary of the Leaotu River in Romania.
The Giumelnicu River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
The Baleia River is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania.
The Dracu River is a tributary of the Baleia River in Romania.
The Izvoru River is a tributary of the Baleia River in Romania.
The Râul Diului is a tributary of the Baleia River in Romania.
The Mascot River is a tributary of the Rasnic River in Romania.
The Mereţel River is a tributary of the Rasnic River in Romania.
The Răchita River is a tributary of the Rasnic River in Romania.
The Zănoaga River is a tributary of the Straja River in Romania.
The Frasin River is a tributary of the Straja River in Romania.
The Valea Boului River is a tributary of the Straja River in Romania.
The Cârligu River is a tributary of the Straja River in Romania.
Dartmouth College  is a private, coeducational university located in Hanover, New Hampshire.
The Lupoiţa River is a tributary of the Lupoaia River in Romania.
The Motruşor River is a tributary of the Motrul Sec River in Romania.
The Uilocul Mare River is a headwater of the Uiloc River in Romania.
The Coşaru Porcului River is a tributary of the Uilocul Mare River in Romania.
The Pârâul Negru is a tributary of the Uilocul Mare River in Romania.
The Pârâul Întorsăturii is a tributary of the Uilocul Mare River in Romania.
10185 Gaudi  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 18, 1996 by E.
5090 Wyeth  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 09, 1980 by Harvard Observatory at Harvard.
5086 Demin  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 05, 1978 by Chernykh, N.
5092 Manara  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 21, 1982 by E.
5129 Groom  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 07, 1989 by Helin, E.
5115 Frimout  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 13, 1988 by Elst, E.
5137 Frevert  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 08, 1990 by Baur, J.
5138 Gyoda  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 13, 1990 by Hioki and Hayakawa at Okutama.
5139 Rumoi  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 13, 1990 by Mukai and Takeishi at Kagoshima.
Oldham Athletic Football Club is a football that plays in Football League One.
"Bagpuss" is a popular children's television series shown on BBC television.
Oliver Postgate  was an English animator, puppeteer and writer.
The Gateshead Garden Festival was the fourth of the United Kingdom's five National Garden Festivals.
The Glasgow Garden Festival was the third of the United Kingdom's five National Garden Festivals.
An animator is an artist who makes drawings for movies.
The British Rail Class 116 diesel multiple units were built by BR Derby from 1957 to 1961.
The British Rail Class 117 diesel multiple units were built by Pressed Steel from 1960 to 1961.
Richard 'Ricky' Spragia  is a former Scottish footballer who currently manages Sunderland.
The official Flag of Austria is the flag of the European country, Austria.
The British Rail Class 118 diesel multiple units were built by the Birmingham Railway Carriage & Wagon Company  and introduced from 1960.
The British Rail Class 119 DMUs were used on the Western Region and on services in the Midlands that used units that were based at Tyseley Depot.
Donna Noble is a character in the British television series "Doctor Who".
The Class 120 was a cross-country DMU.
Sixteen Class 121 single-car driving motor vehicles were built from 1960, numbered 55020-55035.
The British Rail Class 122 diesel multiple units were built by Gloucester RC&W in 1958.
The Class 123 was a design of Diesel Multiple Unit built for British Rail in 1963.
The British Rail Class 124 was a class of initially six-car Diesel Multiple Units used and built specifically for the trans-pennine route.
The Class 125 was a design of three car Diesel Multiple Unit built for British Rail in 1958.
The introduction of what became the Class 126 diesel multiple units originated in a British Transport Commission report of 1952 that suggested the trial use of diesel railcars.
The British Rail Class 127 diesel multiple units were built by BR Derby in 1959.
British Rail Class 128 was a class of diesel multiple unit, built for British Rail.
The Class 129 was a class of single-car Diesel Multiple Unit built in 1955 for British Rail.
5004 Bruch  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 08, 1988 by Borngen, F.
5005 Kegler  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 16, 1988 by Ueda and Kaneda at Kushiro.
5006 Teller  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 05, 1989 by E.
The Master is a character in the British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
5002 Marnix  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 20, 1987 by E.
5007 Keay  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 20, 1990 by R.
The Tâmpa River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
The Gropşoarele River is a tributary of the Tâmpa River in Romania.
The Pârâul Fugarilor River is a tributary of the Gropşoarele River in Romania.
The Gropşoarele Stână River is a tributary of the Gropşoarele River in Romania.
The Izvorul lui Cârstocea River is a tributary of the Tâmpa River in Romania.
Alex Kapranos is the lead singer of British band Franz Ferdinand.
The Zăganu River is a tributary of the Tâmpa River in Romania.
The Pârâul Ursului is a tributary of the Zăganu River in Romania.
Death from Above 1979 was a Toronto-based Canadian band with two members.
Valentin Berlinsky  was a Russian cellist.
The Baciu River is a tributary of the Tâmpa River in Romania.
The Pârâul lui Ilie is a tributary of the Tâmpa River in Romania.
Steve Lamacq is a disc jockey for BBC Radio 1.
An intern is somebody who works in a job for a short time so as to train while working, unlike just working which offers little to no training.
The "Symphonie fantastique" is a symphony written by the French composer Hector Berlioz.
3001 Michelangelo is a main belt asteroid that was found by Edward L.
Christ's Hospital is a boarding school in Sussex.
Gang of Four are an English post-punk group from Leeds.
The Reading and Leeds Festivals are two of annual music festivals that happen in Reading and Leeds in the United Kingdom.
The Bloc Québécois is a federal political party based in Canada.
Angular Recording Corporation is an independent record label that was first based in New Cross, South East London.
4006 Sandler  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 29, 1972 by T.
"The Weather Makers: The History and Future Impact of Climate Change"  is a book by Tim Flannery.
4005 Dyagilev  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 08, 1972 by Zhuravleva, L.
4007 Euryalos  is a Jupiter Trojan that was found on September 19, 1973 by van Houten, C.
3002 Delasalle  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1982 by Henri Debehogne at La Silla.
The Ghighiu River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
The Bughea River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
The Crasna River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
The Crăsnuţa River is a tributary of the Crasna River in Romania.
Professor Elliott calls for continued debate on the nuclear power issue.
"Nuclear Nebraska": "The Remarkable Story of the Little County That Couldn’t Be Bought"  is a 2007 book by Susan Cragin which follows the controversy about a proposed low level nuclear waste dump which was planned for Boyd County, Nebraska.
Each account is followed by a brief statement describing how close each person was to the center of the blast.
Melbourne has a long history of railway building.
"Non-Nuclear Futures: The Case for an Ethical Energy Strategy" is a 1975 book by Amory B.
The Valea Brusturei River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
The Bobu River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
The Valea Grohotişului River is a tributary of the Bobu River in Romania.
"The Clean Tech Revolution: The Next Big Growth and Investment Opportunity", is a 2007 book by Ron Pernick and Clint Wilder, who argue that using clean technologies is a profitable enterprise that is moving steadily into mainstream business.
"The State of the World" is a book published annually since 1984 by the Worldwatch Institute.
An electrical substation is a subsidiary station of an electricity generation, transmission and distribution system where voltage is transformed from high to low or the reverse using transformers.
Problems and solutions.
The La Moara de Vânt River is a tributary of the Miletin River in Romania.
The Varniţa River is a tributary of the Miletin River in Romania.
The Cordun River is a tributary of the Varniţa River in Romania.
The Râul Putred is a tributary of the Miletin River in Romania.
The Chirui River is a tributary of the Râul Putred in Romania.
The Pârâul lui Vasile River or Chisălău River is a tributary of the Miletin River in Romania.
The Dolina River is a tributary of the Sitna River in Romania.
The Dolina River is a tributary of the Sitna River in Romania.
The Morişca River is a tributary of the Sitna River in Romania.
The Cotârgaci River is a tributary of the Morişca River in Romania.
The Porcăreasa River is a tributary of the Morişca River in Romania.
The Siliştea River is a tributary of the Morişca River in Romania.
The Iazul Lipovanului River is a tributary of the Morişca River in Romania.
The Cernişoara River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
The Mariţa River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
The Ungurel River is a tributary of the Olteţ River in Romania.
The Ungurelaşu River is a tributary of the Ungurel River in Romania.
The Nicolina River is a tributary of the Bahlui River.
The Probota River is a tributary of the Bahluieţ River in Romania.
"The Great Barrier Reef: Biology, Environment and Management" is a 2008 book by Pat Hutchings, Mike Kingsford and Ove Hoegh-Guldberg.
"Betrayers of the Truth: Fraud and Deceit in the Halls of Science" is a 1983 book by William Broad and Nicholas Wade.
The Ciunca River or Plotuniţa River is a tributary of the Bahluieţ River in Romania.
The Lunca River is a tributary of the Ciunca River in Romania.
The Bahna River or Buznea River is a tributary of the Ciunca River in Romania.
The Rediu River is a tributary of the Bahluieţ River in Romania.
Amory Bloch Lovins  is Chairman and Chief Scientist of the Rocky Mountain Institute, a MacArthur Fellowship recipient , and author and co-author of many books on renewable energy and energy efficiency.
PO Daniel Faulkner  was a Philadelphia police officer who was murdered on December 9, 1981, a murder that Mumia Abu-Jamal was convicted of, but which many people think Mumia did not do.
James E.
The Criva River or Criveşti River is a tributary of the Bahluieţ River in Romania.
The Strunga River is a tributary of the Criva River in Romania.
The Bogdăneşti River is a tributary of the Strunga River in Romania.
The Barcu River is a tributary of the Bahluieţ River in Romania.
The Gurguiata River (also known as Valea Plopilor River or Huc River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
The Valea Nucului River is a tributary of the Gurguiata River in Romania.
The Bahluiul Mic River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
Brighton is a town in Greenfield Township, LaGrange County, Indiana.
3503 Brandt  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 01, 1981 by Bus, S.
3505 Byrd  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 09, 1983 by Skiff, B.
35056 Cullers  is a Mars-crossing asteroid that was found on September 28, 1984 by C.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on October 21, 1982.
Tarzan was a 1999 animated movie produced by Disney.
M3 Motorway is a motorway between Sunbury-on-Thames and Southampton in United Kingdom.
M2 motorway is a motorway between Strood and Faversham in United Kingdom.
M4 motorway is a motorway between Chiswick and Pont Abraham services in United Kingdom.
Sunbury-on-Thames is a town in Surrey, England, UK.
Sarah Jane Smith is a fictional character in the British television series "Doctor Who" and its related spin-offs.
Olive-backed Forest Robin   is a bird discovered recently in Gabon.
A conspiracy theory is a story that says that a small group of people  are doing illegal or evil things and hide them from the public.
Backlash is an yearly professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by World Wrestling Entertainment, which started in 1999 and is held in April .
Judgment Day  took place on May 18 2003 at the Charlotte Coliseum in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Prichard is a city in Mobile County, Alabama, in the United States.
Prattville is a city in Autauga and Elmore Counties in the U.S.
Pleasant Grove is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States.
Pinson is a city and a northeast suburb of Birmingham in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States.
Pike Road is a city in Montgomery County, Alabama, in the United States.
Piedmont is a city in Calhoun and Cherokee counties in the U.S.
Pell City is a city in St.
Pelham is a city and suburb of Birmingham in Shelby County, Alabama, United States.
Phenix City is a city in Lee County and Russell County in the U.S.
Class 139 is the TOPS classification for PPM60 model lightweight railcar units built by Parry People Movers for use on the national rail network in the United Kingdom.
Enon is an American indie rock band.
Enon is a village in Clark County, Ohio, United States.
Port Vale Football Club are an English football club currently playing in Football League Two.
The 37th National Sport Festival was established by Phitsanulok or we called “Phitsanulok games” that ended by the big ceremony on 24th December.
Mound is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States.
John Curtis Holmes  better known as John C.
The birds of paradise are members of the family Paradisaeidae of the order Passeriformes.
A songbird or oscine is a bird belonging to the suborder Passeri of Passeriformes (ca.
A passerine is a bird of the order Passeriformes, which includes more than half of all bird species.
The Superb Lyrebird  is a pheasant-sized songbird, approximately 100cm long, with brown upper body plumage, grayish-brown below, rounded wings and strong legs.
A Lyrebird is one of two species of ground-dwelling Australian birds, most notable for their superb ability to mimic natural and artificial sounds from their environment.
The Albert's Lyrebird  is a pheasant-sized songbird, about 90cm long, with brown upper body plumage and rich chestnut below.
The "Corvida" were one of two "parvorders" that were inside the suborder Passeri.
Passerida is one of two "parvorders" in the suborder Passeri.
Piciformes are order of birds contain about 67 living genera with a little over 400 species, of which the Picidae  make up about half.
The Cureşiţa River is a tributary of the Mociur River in Romania.
The Hodoş River is a tributary of the Chizdia River in Romania.
The Repaş River is a tributary of the Chizdia River in Romania.
The Hisiaş River is a tributary of the Chizdia River in Romania.
The Pogăniş River or Pogăneşti River is a tributary of the Săraz River in Romania.
The Săraz River is a tributary of the Gladna River in Romania.
The Surduc River is a tributary of the Gladna River in Romania.
Picidae are family of birds is a order of Piciformes that woodpeckers, piculets and wrynecks.
The Zoldiana River is a tributary of the Gladna River in Romania.
The Zoltiana River is a tributary of the Zoldiana River in Romania.
The Munişel River or Minişel River is a tributary of the Gladna River in Romania.
The Hăuzeşti River or Hăugeasca River is a tributary of the Gladna River in Romania.
The Valea Moaşei is a tributary of the Gladna River in Romania.
The Bega Veche River is a tributary of the Bega Canal.
The Beregsău River is a tributary of the Bega Veche River in Romania.
The Iercicu River or Iercici River or Ciortoş River or Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Apa Mare River in Romania.
The Caran River or Gura Tomaşului River is a tributary of the Iercicu River in Romania.
The Surduc River is a tributary of the Apa Mare River in Romania.
The Slatina River or Izvorin River is a tributary of the Apa Mare River in Romania.
The Valea Viilor River is a tributary of the Slatina River in Romania.
The Sicşa River is a tributary of the Apa Mare River in Romania.
3004 Knud  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 27, 1976 by R.
La Silla Observatory is an observatory in Chile with eighteen telescopes that study the stars.
3006 Livadia  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 24, 1979 by N.
Freema Agyeman  is a British actress that is of Ghanaian and Iranian descent.
2094 Magnitka  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 12, 1971 by the Crimean Astrophysical Observatory.
Melissa Arnette "Missy" Elliott  is a five-time Grammy Award-winning American rapper, singer, songwriter, and record producer.
Piombino is a town and commune in the province of Livorno , Italy, on the border between the Ligurian Sea and the Tyrrhenian Sea, in front of Elba Island and at the northern side of Maremma.
Caraş-Severin  is a county  of Romania, in historical region Banat.
The Gold Medal of Military Valor  is an Italian medal established on 21 May 1793 by King Victor Amadeus III of Sardinia.
The Silver Medal of Military Valor  is an Italian medal established in 1833 by King Charles Albert of Sardinia.
The Bronze Medal of Military Valor  is an Italian medal awarded by the King of Italy.
Reşiţa  is a city in the western part of Romania.
Orbetello is a town and "commune" in the province of Grosseto , Italy.
3005 Pervictoralex  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 22, 1979 by C.-I.
3009 Coventry  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 22, 1973 by Chernykh, N.
3010 Ushakov  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 27, 1978 by L.
8100 Nobeyama  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 4, 1993 by M.
810 Atossa is a Flora family asteroid in the Main Belt that was found by Max Wolf at Hiedelburg on September 8, 1915.
8101 Yasue  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 15, 1993 by T.
Pontedera is a small Italian industrial town in Tuscany, Italy, in the province of Pisa.
The Casentino is the valley in which the first tract of the Arno River flows till Subbiano, in the italian region Tuscany.
Colle di Val d'Elsa or Colle Val d'Elsa is a town and "comune" in Tuscany, Italy, in the province of Siena.
The British Rail Class 140 was the prototype of the Pacer diesel multiple unit.
The British Rail Class 141 was the first production model of the Pacer diesel multiple units.
Rosignano Marittimo is a "comune"  in the Province of Livorno in the Italian region Tuscany, located about 80 km southwest of Florence and about 20 km southeast of Livorno.
3007 Reaves  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 17, 1979 by E.
3012 Minsk  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 27, 1979 by N.
James Henry Hammond  was from South Carolina.
Santa Croce sull'Arno is an Italian town located in the province of Pisa, Tuscany.
The British Rail Class 142 is a class of "Pacer" diesel multiple units used in the United Kingdom.
Functional illiteracy means that a person is not able to read, write, and do math well in regular life.
The British Rail Class 143 is a diesel multiple unit, part of the Pacer family of trains introduced between 1985 & 1986.
The British Rail Class 144 "Pacer" diesel multiple units  were built by BREL Derby from 1986-1987.
The British Rail Class 150 "Sprinter" diesel multiple units  were built by BREL from 1984-87.
The British Rail Class 151 was a prototype class of DMU built by Metro Cammell in the mid-1980s.
The British Rail Class 153 "Sprinter" is a single-car diesel multiple unit train.
The British Rail Class 155 "Super-Sprinter" is a diesel multiple unit.
The British Rail Class 156 "Super-Sprinter" is a diesel multiple unit .
Class 157 was the designation applied to a range of Diesel multiple unit trains of the Sprinter family planned for regional use, in particular for the Strathclyde Passenger Transport Executive.
British Rail Class 158 "Express Sprinter" is a diesel multiple unit  train, built for British Rail between 1989 and 1992 by BREL at their Derby Works.
The British Rail Class 159, known as "South Western Turbo" by Network SouthEast , is a diesel multiple unit, built from 1989-93 by BREL at Derby Works.
3008 Nojiri  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 17, 1938 by K.
The British Rail Class 165 "Network Turbo" diesel multiple units  were built by BREL at York Works from 1990–1992.
8102 Yoshikazu  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 14, 1994 by T.
The British Rail Class 166 "Network Express Turbo" diesel multiple units  were built by ABB at York Works from 1992-93.
The Class 168 "Clubman" is a diesel multiple-unit  train used by Chiltern Railways for InterCity services between London and the Midlands.
The Class 170 "Turbostar" is a diesel multiple unit  built by Bombardier Transportation  at their Derby Litchurch Lane Works, England.
The Class 171 "Turbostar" is a type of DMU operated by Southern.
The Class 172 is a planned diesel multiple unit  of the Turbostar family similar to the Class 168, Class 170 and Class 171.
The Class 175 "Coradia" is a model of diesel multiple unit passenger train used in the United Kingdom.
The Class 180 "Adelante" is a type of British diesel multiple unit built by Alstom between 2000 and 2001 at Washwood Heath in Birmingham.
The Class 185  is a diesel multiple-unit passenger train built by Siemens in Germany for the British train operating company First TransPennine Express.
The British Rail Class 201  six-car diesel-electric multiple units  were built in 1957-1958 at Eastleigh and Ashford.
The British Rail Class 202  diesel-electric multiple units were built from 1957-58 at Eastleigh and Ashford Works.
This was the final version of Hastings Restriction 0 diesel trains, classified 6B, later class 203.
The British Rail Class 204 designation has been used twice for two similar types of diesel-electric multiple units.
The British Rail Class 205  diesel-electric multiple units were built by BR at Eastleigh from 1957–1962.
The British Rail Class 206 or 3R was a type of Diesel electric multiple unit  first created in 1964.
The British Rail Class 207  diesel-electric multiple units were built by BR at Eastleigh in 1962.
The British Rail Class 210 was a type of Diesel-electric multiple unit built in the late 1970s.
Christopher Flavin is the President of the Worldwatch Institute, an independent research organization focused on natural resource and environmental issues, based in Washington, DC.
The Class 220 "Voyager" is a class of diesel-electric high-speed multiple-unit trains built by Bombardier Transportation for the British train operating company Virgin Trains, but are now operated by CrossCountry.
The Class 221 "SuperVoyager" is a train currently used by Virgin Trains and CrossCountry in the United Kingdom.
Lester R.
The British Rail Class 222 is a diesel-electric multiple unit high-speed train capable of.
The Blue Pullman was a class of luxury train used from 1960 to 1973 by British Railways in the United Kingdom.
Class 252 was the classification allocated to the prototype High Speed Train unit, numbered 252001.
Class 253, Class 254 and Class 255 are classifications allocated to InterCity 125 high speed trains in Great Britain.
"Hum Ek Hain" is a Pakistani Urdu film directed by Syed Noor which was released across theaters in Pakistan in November 2004.
Class 313 electric multiple units were built by BREL at York Works from 1976-77, these being the first second-generation EMUs to be constructed for British Rail.
Class 300 was allocated to a proposed fleet of parcels-carrying electric multiple units, which were to be converted from former Class 307 units.
Khamosh Pani  is a 2003 French/German production about a widowed mother and her young son set in a late 1970s village in Punjab, Pakistan which is coming under radical influence.
Salakhain  is a Pakistani film which was released in 2004.
The British Rail Class 302  was a type of electric multiple unit  introduced between 1958 - 1960 for outer suburban passenger services on the London, Tilbury and Southend Railway route.
Wubi  is an official Windows-based free software installer for Ubuntu.
Gbangbatoke is a small town in southern Sierra Leone.
The British Rail Class 303 is a type of electric multiple unit.
The British Rail Class 304 is a type of electric multiple unit.
The British Rail Class 305 was an alternating current  electric multiple unit .
The British Rail Class 306 was a type of electric multiple unit  introduced in 1949.
The British Rail Class 307 electric multiple units were built by BR at Eastleigh Works from 1954-1956.
The British Rail Class 309 "Clacton Express" electric multiple units  were built by British Rail  York Works from 1962-1963.
The British Rail  Class 308 alternating current  electric multiple units  were built by BR at York, in three batches, from 1961–62.
The British Rail  Class 310 is a slam-door, alternating current  electric multiple unit  introduced in 1966 as part of the West Coast Main Line electrification project.
The British Rail Class 311 alternating current  electric multiple units  were built by Cravens at Sheffield in 1967.
The British Rail Class 312 is a type of alternating current  electric multiple unit  built in 1966-1974 intended for use on outer-suburban passenger services.
British Rail Class 314 alternating current  electric multiple units  were built by BREL at York works from 1978 to 1979.
British Rail Class 315 alternating current  electric multiple units  were built by BREL at York works from 1980 to 1981.
Class 316 and Class 457 were two suggested TOPS classifications.
The British Rail Class 317 electric multiple units were built by BREL at York Works in two batches, from 1981-82 and 1985-87.
Nehebkau guarded the entrance to Duat, the Egyptian underworld.
The British Rail Class 318 is an electric multiple unit  train, which operates exclusively in the Strathclyde Partnership for Transport network in West Central Scotland.
Ka is one of the five parts of the Egyptian idea of the soul.
The British Rail Class 319 dual-voltage electric multiple units  were built by BREL York in two batches from 1987–88 and 1990.
The British Rail Class 320 is an alternating current  electric multiple unit  train found on the Strathclyde Partnership for Transport  rail network in Central Scotland, and is used exclusively on the North Clyde Line between Helensburgh and Airdrie, North Lanarkshire via Glasgow Queen Street railway station.
Ba is one of the five parts of the spirit in Egyptian mythology.
The British Rail Class 321 alternating current  electric multiple units  were built by BREL York in three batches from 1986-1989.
High-speed rail is a type of passenger rail transport that operates significantly faster than the normal speed of rail traffic.
3015 Candy is a main belt asteroid that was found on November 9, 1980 by E.
The InterCity 125 was the brand name of British Rail's High Speed Train  fleet.
3016 Meuse  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 01, 1981 by H.
3018 Godiva is a main belt asteroid that was found by Edward L.
3019 Kulin  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 07, 1940 by G.
3020 Naudts  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 02, 1949 by K.
3023 Heard  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 05, 1981 by E.
The ancient Egyptians believed the soul was divided into five parts Ren, Ba, Ka, Sheut, and Ib.
3024 Hainan  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 23, 1981 by Purple Mountain Observatory at Nanking.
Purple Mountain Observatory is an observatory that uses telescopes to look at the stars for new objects in space.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on April 30, 2000.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on April 30, 2000.
30305 Severi  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 1, 2000 by P.
30306 Frigyesriesz  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 2, 2000 by P.
30307 Marcelriesz  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 2, 2000 by P.
30417 Staudt  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 1, 2000 by P.
30418 Jakobsteiner  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 1, 2000 by P.
The 1970s proved to be a pivotal period for the anti-nuclear movement in California.
30439 Moe  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 21, 2000 by J.
30440 Larry  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 22, 2000 by J.
30441 Curly  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 24, 2000 by J.
30443 Stieltjes  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 3, 2000 by P.
30444 Shemp  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 5, 2000 by John Broughton at Reedy Creek Observatory.
30445 Stirling  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 5, 2000 by P.
The British Rail Class 322 electric multiple units were built by BREL between 1988-90.
The British Rail Class 323 electric multiple units were built by Hunslet TPL from 1992-93.
30566 Stokes  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 29, 2001 by P.
30718 Records  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 14, 1955 by the Indiana Asteroid Program at Goethe Link Observatory, Brooklyn, Indiana.
30722 Biblioran  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 6, 1978 by N.
30724 Peterburgtrista  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 26, 1978 by L.
3025 Higson  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 20, 1982 by Shoemaker, C.
1001 Gaussia is a main-belt asteroid that is circling around the Sun.
2001 Einstein is an inner main belt asteroid that was found on March 5, 1973 by Paul Wild.
40409 Taichikato  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 6, 1999 by G.
2002 Euler is a Main Belt Asteroid that was found on August 29, 1973 by Tamara Mikhailovna Smirnova.
2003 Harding  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960 by PLS at Palomar.
2004 Lexell  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 22, 1973 by N.
2005 Hencke  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 02, 1973 by Wild, P.
10021 Henja  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 22, 1979 by Claes-Ingvar Lagerkvist at the European Southern Observatory.
1002 Olbersia is a main-belt asteroid.
1003 Lilofee is an main-belt asteroid.
10030 Philkeenan  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 30, 1981 by E.
4000 Hipparchus  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 04, 1989 by Ueda, S.
40106 Erben  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 20, 1998 by P.
40206 Lhenice  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 26, 1998 by J.
2006 Polonskoya is a main belt asteroid.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on December 28, 1983.
3011 Chongqing  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 26, 1978 by Purple Mountain Observatory at Nanking.
4001 Ptolemaeus  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 02, 1949 by K.
4002 Shinagawa  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 14, 1950 by K.
4003 Schumann  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 08, 1964 by F.
4004 List'ev  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 16, 1971 by Crimean Astrophysical Obs.
50033 Perelman  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 3, 2000 by S.
7000 Curie  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 06, 1939 by Fernand Rigaux at Uccle.
9900 Llull  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 13, 1997 by M.
 3474 T-3 is an asteroid that was found by Cornelis Johannes van Houten at Palomar on October 16, 1977.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 29, 1973.
 1931 TC2 is an asteroid that was found by Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth at Heidelberg on October 10, 1931.
 1931 UB is an asteroid that was found by Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth at Heidelberg on October 17, 1931.
1010 Marlene is a Main Belt asteroid that was found by Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth on November 12, 1923.
10111 Fresnel  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 25, 1992 by E.
10005 Chernega  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 24, 1976 by N.
846 Lipperta is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
115485  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 22, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
Wrightwood is a census-designated place that can be found in San Bernardino County, California.
6000 United Nations  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 27, 1987 by P.
8000 Isaac Newton  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 5, 1986 by Henri Debehogne at the European Southern Observatory.
8001 Ramsden  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 4, 1986 by A.
4009 Drobyshevskij  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 13, 1977 by Chernykh, N.
5000 IAU is a Main Belt asteroid that was found by Eleanor F.
5001 EMP  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 19, 1987 by Bowell, E.
5009 Sethos  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960 by van Houten and Gehrels at Palomar.
6001 Thales  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 11, 1988 by E.
7001 Noether  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 14, 1955 by Indiana University at Brooklyn.
65001 Teodorescu  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 9, 2002 by F.
9000 Hal  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 03, 1981 by Bowell, E.
Slash Records is a record label in Los Angeles.
6007 Billevans  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 28, 1990 by S.
6010 Lyzenga  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 19, 1990 by E.
6011 Tozzi  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 29, 1990 by H.
10955 Harig  is a Main-belt Asteroid.
4012 Geballe  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 7, 1978 by E.
10563 Izhdubar  is an Apollo asteroid that was found on November 19, 1993 by C.
116446  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 5, 2004 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
116903  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 11, 2004 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
129066  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 7, 2004 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
John Macarthur  was a soldier, business man, politician and the man who started the Australian wool industry.
Major-General Lachlan Macquarie CB  was a British military officer who was the 5th Governor of New South Wales from 1810 to 1821.
"My Name Is Earl" is an American sitcom created by Greg Garcia.
"She Wants You" is a single by English singer and actress Billie Piper.
"Honey to the Bee" is a single by Billie Piper released in 1999.
The British Rail Class 325 is a dual-voltage alternating current  electric multiple unit  train used for postal train services.
The British Rail Class 332  is the type of electric multiple unit train used on the Heathrow Express between London Paddington station and Heathrow Airport.
The British Rail Class 333 electric multiple units were built by Siemens and are based on the Class 332 trains operated by Heathrow Express.
The British Rail Class 334 is a suburban electric multiple unit built by Alstom in Birmingham.
Class 341 and Class 342 were proposed electric multiple unit classes from the Networker series planned to operate new services on the UK rail network.
The British Rail Class 350 "Desiro" is class of electrical multiple unit built by Siemens AG from 2004- present.
The British Rail Class 357 "Electrostar" alternating current  electric multiple units  were built by ADtranz, Derby  from 1999 to 2002 at a cost of approximately £350 million.
The British Rail Class 360 electric multiple units were built by Siemens in two sub-types from 2000-2005.
The British Rail Class 365 "Networker Express" are dual-voltage  electric multiple units built by ABB at York from 1994-95.
British Rail's Class 370 tilting trains, also referred to as APT-P , were the pre-production Advanced Passenger Train units.
Class 371, Class 381 and Class 471 were proposed electric multiple unit classes from the Networker family intended to operate services in the south-east of England.
The British Rail Class 373 or TGV-TMST train is an electric multiple unit that operates Eurostar's high-speed rail service between Britain, France and Belgium via the Channel Tunnel.
The British Rail Class 375 Electrostar electric multiple unit train was built by Bombardier Transportation  at their Derby Works, from 1999 to 2005.
The Class 376 Suburban Electrostar is a model of electric multiple-unit passenger train manufactured by Bombardier Transportation.
The Class 377 Electrostars are electric multiple units built by Bombardier Transportation  at their Derby Works, from 2001-present.
The Class 378 Capitalstar is a type of electric multiple unit that has been ordered for the new London Overground network and franchise.
Class 380 is the designation given to a class of electric multiple unit train that are to be built, for use on the national railway network in Scotland, in the United Kingdom.
The British Class 390 "Pendolino" electric multiple unit is a tilting train built by Fiat Ferroviaria utilising Fiat tilt systems.
Class 395 is the designation of new dual-voltage EMUs being built to operate new high speed domestic services on the High Speed 1 railway line in the United Kingdom.
The Cybermen are a fictional race of cyborgs in the British television series "Doctor Who".
Marlborough is a town in Wiltshire, England, UK.
Anatidae is the biological family of birds that includes the ducks, geese and swans.
The Anatinae is a subfamily of the family Anatidae that including swans, geese and ducks.
The High-Definition Multimedia Interface  is a compact audio/video interface for transmitting uncompressed digital data.
An oil tanker, also known as a petroleum tanker, is a ship designed for the bulk transport of oil.
128621  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on September 2, 2004 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
134010  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 7, 2004 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
1012 Sarema is a Main Belt asteroid that was found by Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth on January 12, 1924.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on October 8, 1989 by T.
143052  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on November 24, 2002 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
145166  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on May 3, 2005 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
147735  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on July 2, 2005 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
1005 Arago is a Main Belt asteroid that was found by Sergei Ivanovich Belyavsky on September 5, 1923.
10055 Silcher  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 22, 1987 by Freimut Börngen at Tautenburg.
147799  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on September 15, 2005 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
10025 Rauer  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 16, 1980 by Claes-Ingvar Lagerkvist at the European Southern Observatory.
149450  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on February 6, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
149976  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on October 24, 2005 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
The Pesceana River or Peşteana River is a tributary of the Olteţ River in Romania.
The Brebina River is a tributary of the Bulba River in Romania.
The Valea Cireşului River is a tributary of the Ploştina River in Romania.
The Leurda River is a tributary of the Ploştina River in Romania.
The Ştirbeţ River is a tributary of the Ploştina River in Romania.
The Roşiuţa River is a tributary of the Ploştina River in Romania.
The Coşovăţ River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
The Sălătruc River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
Strehaia is a town in Mehedinţi County, Oltenia, Romania.
A heritage railway , preserved railway , or tourist railroad  is a term used for a railway which is run as a tourist attraction, is usually but not always run by volunteers, and seeks to re-create railway scenes of the past.
The Copăcioasa River is a tributary of the Valea Rea River in Romania.
The Păiuş River is a tributary of the Capra River in Romania.
The Ţiganu River is a tributary of the Ciocadia River in Romania.
The Plăsala River is a tributary of the Ciocadia River in Romania.
The Aniniş River is a tributary of the Ciocadia River in Romania.
The Ciocazeaua Radoşului River is a tributary of the Aniniş River in Romania.
152212  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on September 1, 2005 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
152471  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on November 21, 2005 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
158621  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on January 20, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
158899  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on August 17, 2004 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
161384  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on October 24, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
163950  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on October 23, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
166609  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on September 10, 2002 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
170025  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on November 2, 2002 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
170026  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on November 4, 2002 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
170027  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on October 22, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
171287  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on April 7, 2006 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
172460  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on September 15, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
191323  is a Main-belt asteroid that was found on May 22, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
191485  is a Main-belt asteroid that was found on October 7, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
191621  is a Main-belt asteroid that was found on June 19, 2004 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
The Pământ Alb River is a tributary of the Apa Mare River in Romania.
The Valea Apei River is a tributary of the Pământ Alb River in Romania.
Chessel is a municipality in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.
 Duat .
The Măgheruş River is a tributary of the Beregsău River in Romania.
The Giuroc River is a tributary of the Măgheruş River in Romania.
The Valea Lacului River or Pârâul Lacului is a tributary of the Măgheruş River in Romania.
The Luda Bara River or Seceani River is a tributary of the Măgheruş River in Romania.
Ammit was the Egyptian idea of the punishment of the soul.
The Fibiş River is a tributary of the Beregsău River in Romania.
The Valea Porcului River is a tributary of the Ilba River in Romania.
The Mesteacănu River is a headwater of the Ilba River in Romania.
The Valea Colbului River is a tributary of the Ilba River in Romania.
The Izvorul Băilor River is a tributary of the Valea Colbului River in Romania.
The Pistruia Mică River is a headwater of the Pistruia River in Romania.
The Pistruia Mare River is a headwater of the Pistruia River in Romania.
The Valea Stejarului River is a tributary of the Firiza River in Romania.
The Valea Romană River is a tributary of the Firiza River in Romania.
The Jidovoaia River is a tributary of the Firiza River in Romania.
The Valea Plopilor River is a tributary of the Jidovoaia River in Romania.
The Limpedea River is a tributary of the Jidovoaia River in Romania.
The Glodişor River is a tributary of the Jidovoaia River in Romania.
The Valea Cerbului River is a tributary of the Firiza River in Romania.
The Valea Vălinelor River is a tributary of the Firiza River in Romania.
The Valea Roşie River is a tributary of the Firiza River in Romania.
The Valea Trei Crai River is a tributary of the Valea Roşie River in Romania.
The Şonioca Mare River is a tributary of the Firiza River in Romania.
The Ciurgău River is a tributary of the Slătioara River in Romania.
The Valea Ursului River is a tributary of the Ciurgău River in Romania.
The Pârâul lui Ion is a tributary of the Slătioara River in Romania.
The Valea Lătoacei River is a tributary of the Pârâul lui Ion in Romania.
The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Suha River in Romania.
Ostra is a commune that is found in Suceava County, Romania.
Gyula is a town in Békés county in the south-eastern part of Hungary.
The Coşu River is a tributary of the Nechitu River in Romania.
The Duraşu River is a tributary of the Nechitu River in Romania.
The Varniţele River is a tributary of the Nechitu River in Romania.
The Ivaneş River is a tributary of the Dămuc River in Romania.
The Ivăncelul River is a tributary of the Ivaneş River in Romania.
The Băţul River is a tributary of the Dămuc River in Romania.
The Jgheabu Muntelui River is a tributary of the Băţul River in Romania.
The Râul Prăsiliei is a tributary of the Băţul River in Romania.
The Asău River is a tributary of the Dămuc River in Romania.
The Arşiţa River is a tributary of the Dămuc River in Romania.
The Pârâul Sec is a tributary of the Dămuc River in Romania.
The Alunişu River is a tributary of the Pârâul Sec in Romania.
2009 Voloshina is a main belt asteroid that was found on October 22, 1968 by T.M.
2010 Chebyshev  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 13, 1969 by Burnasheva, B.
Gadsden is a city in and the county seat of Etowah County, northeastern Alabama, United States, approximately 60 miles northeast of Birmingham.
2013 Tucapel  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 22, 1971 by C.
3013 Dobrovoleva  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 23, 1979 by Chernykh, N.
Geneva is a city in and the county seat of Geneva County, Alabama, United States.
Gardendale is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States, and a northern suburb of Birmingham.
3014 Huangsushu  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 11, 1979 by Purple Mountain Observatory at Nanking.
3029 Sanders  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 01, 1981 by S.
Akan is a town in Richland County, Wisconsin, United States.
Alban is a town in Portage County, Wisconsin, United States.
Guntersville is a city in Marshall County, Alabama, United States and is included in the Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area.
Guin is a city in Marion County, Alabama, United States.
Greenville is a city in Butler County, Alabama, United States.
Greensboro is a city in Hale County, Alabama, United States.
Graysville is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States.
Goodwater is a city in Coosa County, Alabama, United States.
Glencoe is a city in Calhoun and Etowah Counties in the U.S.
Albany is a town in Green County, Wisconsin, United States.
Albany is a town in Pepin County, Wisconsin, United States.
Albion is a town in Dane County, Wisconsin, United States.
3035 Chambers  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 07, 1924 by Reinmuth, K.
3026 Sarastro  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 12, 1977 by P.
3031 Houston is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 08, 1984 by Edward L.
20230 Blanchard  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 6, 1997 by the OCA-DLR Asteroid Survey at Caussols.
20234 Billgibson  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 6, 1998 by M.
20242 Sagot  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 27, 1998 by P.
20246 Frappa  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 1, 1998 by the OCA-DLR Asteroid Survey at Caussols.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on March 21, 1998.
20256 Adolfneckař is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on March 23, 1998 at Ondřejov Observatory in the Czech Republic by P.
20259 Alanhoffman  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 24, 1998 by the OCA-DLR Asteroid Survey at Caussols.
20264 Chauhan  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
20265 Yuyinchen  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
20266 Danielchoi  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
20268 Racollier  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
10006 Sessai  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 22, 1976 by H.
10007 Malytheatre  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 16, 1976 by L.
1042 Amazone is a Main Belt asteroid that was found by Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth on April 22, 1925.
10050 Rayman  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 28, 1987 by Eleanor F.
10515 Old Joe is a main-belt asteroid that was found by Brian G.
10516 Sakurajima  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 1, 1989 by M.
12418 Tongling  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 23, 1995 by the Beijing Schmidt CCD Asteroid Program at Xinglong.
12414 Bure  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 26, 1995 by T.
124192 Moletai  is a Mars-crossing asteroid that was found on July 26, 2001 by K.
12421 Zhenya  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 16, 1995 by T.
12423 Slotin is a main belt asteroid that was found on October 17, 1995 by Spacewatch.
12431 Webster  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 18, 1995 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.
12433 Barbieri  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 15, 1996 by M.
12437 Westlane  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 18, 1996 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.
12439 Okasaki  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 15, 1996 by T.
12443 Paulsydney  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 15, 1996 by the AMOS team at Haleakala.
2007 McCuskey is a Main Belt asteroid that was found at the Goethe Link Observatory near Brooklyn, Indiana by the Indiana Asteroid Program on September 22, 1963.
20174 Eisenstein  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 13, 1996 by P.
2017 Wesson  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 20, 1903 by M.
13010 Germantitov  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 29, 1986 by L.
13011 Loeillet  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 26, 1987 by E.
13014 Hasslacher  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 17, 1987 by R.
13024 Conradferdinand  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 11, 1989 by F.
40227 Tahiti  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 20, 1998 by E.
40328 Dow  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 20, 1999 by D.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 4, 1999.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 11, 1999.
40441 Jungmann  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 11, 1999 by P.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 12, 1999.
40457 Williamkuhn  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 4, 1999 by M.
40459 Rektorys  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 14, 1999 by P.
24587 Kapaneus  is a Jupiter Trojan that was found on September 30, 1973 by C.
20403 Attenborough  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 22, 1998 by J.
Reedy Creek Observatory is an observatory for looking at Near-Earth objects.
20405 Barryburke  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 24, 1998 by the OCA-DLR Asteroid Survey at Caussols.
20103 de Vico  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 6, 1995 by R.
20106 Morton  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 20, 1995 by D.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on August 28, 1995.
20109 Alicelandis  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 12, 1995 by J.
20120 Ryugatake  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 24, 1995 by T.
20135 Juels  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 7, 1996 by P.
20136 Eisenhart  is a Inner Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 8, 1996 by P.
20140 Costitx  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 23, 1996 by M.
20141 Markidger  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 13, 1996 by M.
20151 Utsunomiya  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 5, 1996 by A.
20155 Utewindolf  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 13, 1996 by P.
20156 Herbwindolf  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 13, 1996 by P.
Prescott Observatory is an observatory that is used by Paul G.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on November 9, 1996.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on January 14, 1997.
20197 Enriques  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 14, 1997 by P.
23452 Drew  is a Inner Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 18, 1988 by C.
23455 Fumi  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 5, 1988 by T.
The order Falconiformes is a group of about 290 species of birds that include the diurnal birds of prey.
23457 Beiderbecke  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 5, 1989 by M.
14564 Heasley  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 26, 1998 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.
14567 Nicovincenti  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 19, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on October 27, 1997.
14551 Itagaki  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 22, 1997 by T.
The Şuia River is a tributary of the Olpret River in Romania.
The Răstolţ River is a tributary of the Agrij River in Romania.
The Sălaj River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
The Nadiş River is a tributary of the Sălaj River in Romania.
The Asuaj River is a tributary of the Sălaj River in Romania.
The Cioara River is a tributary of the Sălaj River in Romania.
The Urmeniş River is a tributary of the Sălaj River in Romania.
The Tămăşeşti River is a tributary of the Sălaj River in Romania.
The Mineu River is a tributary of the Sălaj River in Romania.
The Căminul River is a tributary of the Sălaj River in Romania.
The Oarţa River is a tributary of the Sălaj River in Romania.
The Stânjaru River is a tributary of the Oarţa River in Romania.
The Băseşti River is a tributary of the Sălaj River in Romania.
The Trapezia River is a tributary of the Nemţişor River in Romania.
The Pârâul Rău is a tributary of the Târzia River in Romania.
The Slătioara River is a tributary of the Târzia River in Romania.
The Botoşana River is a tributary of the Suha River in Romania.
The Brăteasca River is a tributary of the Suha River in Romania.
The Putna Mică River is a headwater of the Putna River in Romania.
The Pârâul Roşu or Putna Mare River is a headwater of the Putna River in Romania.
The Cârstea River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
The Tiniş River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
The Putnişoara River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
The Şandru River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
The Văcăria River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
The Pârâul Frumos or Frumosu River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
Samson is a city in Geneva County, Alabama, United States.
Saraland is a city in Mobile County, Alabama, in the United States, and a suburb of Mobile, Alabama.
Satsuma is a city in Mobile County, Alabama, United States.
Scottsboro is a city in Jackson County, Alabama, United States, and is included in the Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area.
Selma is a city in and the county seat of Dallas County, Alabama, United States, located on the banks of the Alabama River.
Sheffield is a city in Colbert County, Alabama, United States, and is included in The Shoals MSA.
Slocomb is a city in Geneva County, Alabama, United States.
Smiths Station is a city in Lee County, Alabama, United States.
Stevenson is a city in Jackson County, Alabama, United States, and is included in the Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area.
Spanish Fort is a city in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States, located on the eastern shore of Mobile Bay.
Southside is a city in Etowah county in the U.S.
Sulligent is a city in Lamar County, Alabama, United States.
Sumiton is a city in Jefferson and Walker Counties in the U.S.
Sylacauga is a city in Talladega County, Alabama, United States.
Sadova is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
The Cremeneşti River is a tributary of the Vulcanu River in Romania.
The Roşcova River is a tributary of the Moldoviţa River in Romania.
The Raşca River is a tributary of the Moldoviţa River in Romania.
The Săcrieş River  is a tributary of the Moldoviţa River in Romania.
The Deia River is a tributary of the Moldoviţa River in Romania.
The Deiţa River is a tributary of the Deia River in Romania.
The Lupoaia River is a tributary of the Moldoviţa River in Romania.
The Dragoşa River is a tributary of the Moldoviţa River in Romania.
The Frumosu River is a tributary of the Moldoviţa River in Romania.
The Demăcuşa River is a tributary of the Moldoviţa River in Romania.
The Petac River or Petacu River is a tributary of the Demăcuşa River in Romania.
Fireflight is an American christian rock band which originated from Eustis, Florida.
Teasc is a commune of Dolj County, Romania.
Christian rock is a type of Rock music that is used by Christians to glorify God.
The Brădetul River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
The Pârâul lui Iepure River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
The Pleşu River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
The Cheiţa River is a headwater of the Teleajen River in Romania.
The Pârâul Roşu is a tributary of the Cheiţa River in Romania.
The Pârâul Cucului is a tributary of the Cheiţa River in Romania.
The Tigăile Mari River is a tributary of the Cheiţa River in Romania.
The Tigăile Mici River is a tributary of the Cheiţa River in Romania.
The Izvorul lui Manole River is a tributary of the Cheiţa River in Romania.
The Bratocea River is a tributary of the Cheiţa River in Romania.
The Pârâul Caprei is a tributary of the Bratocea River in Romania.
The Babeş River is a tributary of the Cheiţa River in Romania.
The Izvoarul Mioarelor River is a tributary of the Babeş River in Romania.
The Valea Neagră River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
The Mogoşu River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
Michael Howe  was a famous bushranger in Tasmania, Australia.
The Pârâul Stânei is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
The Dâmbu River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
The Slănic River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
The Călmâiasa River is a tributary of the Bertea River in Romania.
The Valea Albă River is a tributary of the Vărbilău River in Romania.
The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Vărbilău River in Romania.
The Valea Pietrei River is a tributary of the Vărbilău River in Romania.
The Valea Brădetului River is a tributary of the Vărbilău River in Romania.
The Valea Poienii River is a tributary of the Vărbilău River in Romania.
The Clăbucet River is a headwater of the Vărbilău River in Romania.
The Valea Secărei River is a tributary of the Vărbilău River in Romania.
The Carpenul River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
The Valea Popii River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
The Valea Orăţii River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
The Valea Movilişului River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
The Duţca River is a tributary of the Valea Fetei River in Romania.
The Valea Varniţelor River is a tributary of the Valea Fetei River in Romania.
The Pârâul Roşu is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania.
Neil Peart  is a Canadian musician and author.
The Valea Lacului Roşu River is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania.
The Ştevia River is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania.
The Valea Roşie River is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania.
The Unghia Mică River is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania.
The Unghia Mare River or Frumoasa River is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania.
The Ceauşoaia River is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania.
The Limbăşelu River is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania.
The Cenuşeroaia River is a tributary of the Limbăşelu River in Romania.
The Limbăşelu Mare River is a headwater of the Limbăşelu River in Romania.
The Limbăşelu Mic River is a headwater of the Limbăşelu River in Romania.
The Căşăria River is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania.
The Valea Pichetului River is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania.
The Râul Sticlăriei is a tributary of the Vulcana River in Romania.
There are 375 communes in the Sarthe "département", in France.
Aigné is a commune.
Aillières-Beauvoir is a commune.
Allonnes is a commune.
Amné is a commune.
Ancinnes is a commune.
Arçonnay is a commune.
Ardenay-sur-Mérize is a commune.
Arnage is a commune.
Arthezé is a commune.
Asnières-sur-Vègre is a commune.
Assé-le-Boisne is a commune.
Assé-le-Riboul is a commune.
Aubigné-Racan is a commune.
Auvers-le-Hamon is a commune.
Auvers-sous-Montfaucon is a commune.
Avesnes-en-Saosnois is a commune.
Avessé is a commune.
Avezé is a commune.
Avoise is a commune.
Ballon is a commune.
Bazouges-sur-le-Loir is a commune.
Beaufay is a commune.
Beaumont-Pied-de-Boeuf is a commune.
Beaumont-sur-Dême is a commune.
Beaumont-sur-Sarthe is a commune.
Beillé is a commune.
Berfay is a commune.
Bernay-en-Champagne is a commune.
Bérus is a commune.
Bessé-sur-Braye is a commune.
Béthon is a commune.
Blèves is a commune.
Boëssé-le-Sec is a commune.
Bonnétable is a commune.
Bouër is a commune.
Bouloire is a commune.
Bourg-le-Roi is a commune.
Bousse is a commune.
Brains-sur-Gée is a commune.
Brette-les-Pins is a commune.
Briosne-lès-Sables is a commune.
Brûlon is a commune.
Cérans-Foulletourte is a commune.
Chahaignes is a commune.
Challes is a commune.
Champagné is a commune.
Champfleur is a commune.
Champrond is a commune.
Changé is a commune.
Chantenay-Villedieu is a commune.
Chassé is a commune.
Chassillé is a commune.
Château-du-Loir is a commune.
Château-l'Hermitage is a commune.
Chaufour-Notre-Dame is a commune.
Chemiré-en-Charnie is a commune.
Chemiré-le-Gaudin is a commune.
Chenay is a commune.
Chenu is a commune.
Chérancé is a commune.
Chérisay is a commune.
Cherré is a commune.
Cherreau is a commune.
Chevillé is a commune.
Clermont-Créans is a commune.
Cogners is a commune.
Commerveil is a commune.
Conflans-sur-Anille is a commune.
Congé-sur-Orne is a commune.
Conlie is a commune.
Connerré is a commune.
Contilly is a commune.
Cormes is a commune.
Coudrecieux is a commune.
Coulaines is a commune.
Coulans-sur-Gée is a commune.
Coulombiers is a commune.
Coulongé is a commune.
Courcebœufs is a commune.
Courcelles-la-Forêt is a commune.
Courcemont is a commune.
Courcival is a commune.
Courdemanche is a commune.
Courgains is a commune.
Courgenard is a commune.
Courtillers is a commune.
Crannes-en-Champagne is a commune.
Cré is a commune.
Crissé is a commune.
Crosmières is a commune.
Cures is a commune.
Dangeul is a commune.
Degré is a commune.
Dehault is a commune.
Dissay-sous-Courcillon is a commune.
Dissé-sous-Ballon is a commune.
Dissé-sous-le-Lude is a commune.
Dollon is a commune.
Domfront-en-Champagne is a commune.
Doucelles is a commune.
Douillet is a commune.
Duneau is a commune.
Dureil is a commune.
Écommoy is a commune.
Écorpain is a commune.
Épineu-le-Chevreuil is a commune.
Étival-lès-le-Mans is a commune.
Évaillé is a commune.
Fatines is a commune.
Fay is a commune.
Fercé-sur-Sarthe is a commune.
Fillé is a commune.
Flée is a commune.
Fontenay-sur-Vègre is a commune.
Fresnay-sur-Sarthe is a commune.
Fyé is a commune.
Gesnes-le-Gandelin is a commune.
Grandchamp is a commune.
Gréez-sur-Roc is a commune.
Guécélard is a commune.
Jauzé is a commune.
Joué-en-Charnie is a commune.
Joué-l'Abbé is a commune.
Juigné-sur-Sarthe is a commune.
Juillé is a commune.
Jupilles is a commune.
La Bazoge is a commune.
La Bosse is a commune.
La Bruère-sur-Loir is a commune.
La Chapelle-aux-Choux is a commune.
La Chapelle-d'Aligné is a commune.
La Chapelle-du-Bois is a commune.
La Chapelle-Gaugain is a commune.
La Chapelle-Huon is a commune.
La Chapelle-Saint-Aubin is a commune.
La Chapelle-Saint-Fray is a commune.
La Chapelle-Saint-Rémy is a commune.
La Chartre-sur-le-Loir is a commune.
La Ferté-Bernard is a commune.
La Flèche is a commune.
La Fontaine-Saint-Martin is a commune.
La Fresnaye-sur-Chédouet is a commune.
La Guierche is a commune.
La Milesse is a commune.
La Quinte is a commune.
La Suze-sur-Sarthe is a commune.
Laigné-en-Belin is a commune.
Lamnay is a commune.
Lavardin is a commune.
Lavaré is a commune.
Lavenay is a commune.
Lavernat is a commune.
Le Bailleul is a commune.
Le Breil-sur-Mérize is a commune.
Le Chevain is a commune.
Le Grand-Lucé is a commune.
Le Grez is a commune.
Le Luart is a commune.
Le Lude is a commune.
Le Tronchet is a commune.
Les Aulneaux is a commune.
Les Mées is a commune.
Lhomme is a commune.
Lignières-la-Carelle is a commune.
Ligron is a commune.
Livet-en-Saosnois is a commune.
Lombron is a commune.
Longnes is a commune.
Louailles is a commune.
Loué is a commune.
Louplande is a commune.
Louvigny is a commune.
Louzes is a commune.
Lucé-sous-Ballon is a commune.
Luceau is a commune.
Luché-Pringé is a commune.
Maigné is a commune.
Maisoncelles is a commune.
Malicorne-sur-Sarthe is a commune.
Mamers is a commune.
Mansigné is a commune.
Marçon is a commune.
Mareil-en-Champagne is a commune.
Mareil-sur-Loir is a commune.
Maresché is a commune.
Marigné-Laillé is a commune.
Marolles-les-Braults is a commune.
Marolles-lès-Saint-Calais is a commune.
Marollette is a commune.
Mayet is a commune.
Melleray is a commune.
Meurcé is a commune.
Mézeray is a commune.
Mézières-sous-Lavardin is a commune.
Mézières-sur-Ponthouin is a commune.
Moitron-sur-Sarthe is a commune.
Moncé-en-Belin is a commune.
Moncé-en-Saosnois is a commune.
Monhoudou is a commune.
Mont-Saint-Jean is a commune.
Montabon is a commune.
Montaillé is a commune.
Montbizot is a commune.
Montfort-le-Gesnois is a commune.
Montigny is a commune.
Montmirail is a commune.
Montreuil-le-Chétif is a commune.
Montreuil-le-Henri is a commune.
Moulins-le-Carbonnel is a commune.
Mulsanne is a commune.
Nauvay is a commune.
Neufchâtel-en-Saosnois is a commune.
Neuvillalais is a commune.
Neuville-sur-Sarthe is a commune.
Neuvillette-en-Charnie is a commune.
Neuvy-en-Champagne is a commune.
Nogent-le-Bernard is a commune.
Nogent-sur-Loir is a commune.
Notre-Dame-du-Pé is a commune.
Nouans is a commune.
Noyen-sur-Sarthe is a commune.
Nuillé-le-Jalais is a commune.
Oisseau-le-Petit is a commune.
Oizé is a commune.
Panon is a commune.
Parcé-sur-Sarthe is a commune.
Parennes is a commune.
Parigné-l'Évêque is a commune.
Parigné-le-Pôlin is a commune.
Peray is a commune.
Pezé-le-Robert is a commune.
Piacé is a commune.
Pincé is a commune.
Pirmil is a commune.
Pizieux is a commune.
Poillé-sur-Vègre is a commune.
Poncé-sur-le-Loir is a commune.
Pontvallain is a commune.
Précigné is a commune.
Préval is a commune.
Prévelles is a commune.
Pruillé-l'Éguillé is a commune.
Pruillé-le-Chétif is a commune.
Rahay is a commune.
René is a commune.
Requeil is a commune.
Roézé-sur-Sarthe is a commune.
Rouessé-Fontaine is a commune.
Rouessé-Vassé is a commune.
Rouez is a commune.
Rouillon is a commune.
Roullée is a commune.
Rouperroux-le-Coquet is a commune.
Ruaudin is a commune.
Ruillé-en-Champagne is a commune.
Ruillé-sur-Loir is a commune.
Sablé-sur-Sarthe is a commune.
Saint-Aignan is a commune.
Saint-Aubin-de-Locquenay is a commune.
Saint-Aubin-des-Coudrais is a commune.
Saint-Biez-en-Belin is a commune.
Saint-Calais is a commune.
Saint-Calez-en-Saosnois is a commune.
Saint-Célerin is a commune.
Saint-Christophe-du-Jambet is a commune.
Saint-Christophe-en-Champagne is a commune.
Saint-Corneille is a commune.
Saint-Cosme-en-Vairais is a commune.
Saint-Denis-d'Orques is a commune.
Saint-Denis-des-Coudrais is a commune.
Saint-Georges-de-la-Couée is a commune.
Saint-Georges-du-Bois is a commune.
Saint-Georges-du-Rosay is a commune.
Saint-Georges-le-Gaultier is a commune.
Saint-Germain-d'Arcé is a commune.
Saint-Germain-sur-Sarthe is a commune.
Saint-Gervais-de-Vic is a commune.
Saint-Gervais-en-Belin is a commune.
Saint-Hilaire-le-Lierru is a commune.
Saint-Jean-d'Assé is a commune.
Saint-Jean-de-la-Motte is a commune.
Saint-Jean-des-Échelles is a commune.
Saint-Jean-du-Bois is a commune.
Saint-Léonard-des-Bois is a commune.
Saint-Longis is a commune.
Saint-Maixent is a commune.
Saint-Marceau is a commune.
Saint-Mars-d'Outillé is a commune.
Saint-Mars-de-Locquenay is a commune.
Saint-Mars-la-Brière is a commune.
Saint-Mars-sous-Ballon is a commune.
Saint-Martin-des-Monts is a commune.
Saint-Michel-de-Chavaignes is a commune.
Saint-Ouen-de-Mimbré is a commune.
Saint-Ouen-en-Belin is a commune.
Saint-Ouen-en-Champagne is a commune.
Saint-Paterne is a commune.
Saint-Paul-le-Gaultier is a commune.
Saint-Pavace is a commune.
Saint-Pierre-de-Chevillé is a commune.
Saint-Pierre-des-Bois is a commune.
Saint-Pierre-des-Ormes is a commune.
Saint-Pierre-du-Lorouër is a commune.
Saint-Rémy-de-Sillé is a commune.
Saint-Rémy-des-Monts is a commune.
Saint-Rémy-du-Val is a commune.
Saint-Rigomer-des-Bois is a commune.
Saint-Saturnin is a commune.
Saint-Symphorien is a commune.
Saint-Ulphace is a commune.
Saint-Victeur is a commune.
Saint-Vincent-des-Prés is a commune.
Saint-Vincent-du-Lorouër is a commune.
Sainte-Cérotte is a commune.
Sainte-Jamme-sur-Sarthe is a commune.
Sainte-Osmane is a commune.
Sainte-Sabine-sur-Longève is a commune.
Saosnes is a commune.
Sarcé is a commune.
Sargé-lès-le-Mans is a commune.
Savigné-l'Évêque is a commune.
Savigné-sous-le-Lude is a commune.
Sceaux-sur-Huisne is a commune.
Ségrie is a commune.
Semur-en-Vallon is a commune.
Sillé-le-Guillaume is a commune.
Sillé-le-Philippe is a commune.
Solesmes is a commune.
Sougé-le-Ganelon is a commune.
Souillé is a commune.
Souligné-Flacé is a commune.
Souligné-sous-Ballon is a commune.
Soulitré is a commune.
Souvigné-sur-Même is a commune.
Souvigné-sur-Sarthe is a commune.
Spay is a commune.
Surfonds is a commune.
Tassé is a commune.
Tassillé is a commune.
Teillé is a commune.
Teloché is a commune.
Tennie is a commune.
Terrehault is a commune.
Théligny is a commune.
Thoigné is a commune.
Thoiré-sous-Contensor is a commune.
Thoiré-sur-Dinan is a commune.
Thorée-les-Pins is a commune.
Thorigné-sur-Dué is a commune.
Torcé-en-Vallée is a commune.
Trangé is a commune.
Tresson is a commune.
Tuffé is a commune.
Vaas is a commune.
Valennes is a commune.
Vallon-sur-Gée is a commune.
Vancé is a commune.
Verneil-le-Chétif is a commune.
Vernie is a commune.
Vezot is a commune.
Vibraye is a commune.
Villaines-la-Carelle is a commune.
Villaines-la-Gonais is a commune.
Villaines-sous-Lucé is a commune.
Villaines-sous-Malicorne is a commune.
Vion is a commune.
Viré-en-Champagne is a commune.
Vivoin is a commune.
Voivres-lès-le-Mans is a commune.
Volnay is a commune.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune.
Vouvray-sur-Loir is a commune.
Yvré-l'Évêque is a commune.
Yvré-le-Pôlin is a commune.
There are 282 communes in the Vendée "département", in France.
Aizenay is a commune.
Angles is a commune.
Antigny is a commune.
Apremont is a commune.
Aubigny is a commune.
Auzay is a commune.
Avrillé is a commune.
Barbâtre is a commune.
Bazoges-en-Paillers is a commune.
Bazoges-en-Pareds is a commune.
Beaufou is a commune.
Beaulieu-sous-la-Roche is a commune.
Beaurepaire is a commune.
Beauvoir-sur-Mer is a commune.
Belleville-sur-Vie is a commune.
Benet is a commune.
Bessay is a commune.
Bois-de-Céné is a commune.
Boufféré is a commune.
Bouillé-Courdault is a commune.
Bouin is a commune.
Boulogne is a commune.
Bourneau is a commune.
Bournezeau is a commune.
Brem-sur-Mer is a commune.
Bretignolles-sur-Mer is a commune.
Breuil-Barret is a commune.
Cezais is a commune.
Chaillé-les-Marais is a commune.
Chaillé-sous-les-Ormeaux is a commune.
Chaix is a commune.
Challans is a commune.
Chambretaud is a commune.
Champagné-les-Marais is a commune.
Chantonnay is a commune.
Chasnais is a commune.
Château-d'Olonne is a commune.
Château-Guibert is a commune.
Châteauneuf is a commune.
Chauché is a commune.
Chavagnes-en-Paillers is a commune.
Chavagnes-les-Redoux is a commune.
Cheffois is a commune.
Coëx is a commune.
Commequiers is a commune.
Corpe is a commune.
Cugand is a commune.
Curzon is a commune.
Damvix is a commune.
Doix is a commune.
Dompierre-sur-Yon is a commune.
Falleron is a commune.
Faymoreau is a commune.
Fontaines is a commune.
Fontenay-le-Comte is a commune.
Fougeré is a commune.
Foussais-Payré is a commune.
Froidfond is a commune.
Givrand is a commune.
Grand'Landes is a commune.
Grosbreuil is a commune.
Grues is a commune.
Île d'Yeu is a commune.
Jard-sur-Mer is a commune.
L'Aiguillon-sur-Mer is a commune.
L'Aiguillon-sur-Vie is a commune.
L'Épine is a commune.
L'Herbergement is a commune.
L'Hermenault is a commune.
L'Île-d'Elle is a commune.
L'Île-d'Olonne is a commune.
L'Oie is a commune.
L'Orbrie is a commune.
La Barre-de-Monts is a commune.
La Bernardière is a commune.
La Boissière-de-Montaigu is a commune.
La Boissière-des-Landes is a commune.
La Bretonnière-la-Claye is a commune.
La Bruffière is a commune.
La Caillère-Saint-Hilaire is a commune.
La Chaize-Giraud is a commune.
La Chaize-le-Vicomte is a commune.
La Chapelle-Achard is a commune.
La Chapelle-aux-Lys is a commune.
La Chapelle-Hermier is a commune.
La Chapelle-Palluau is a commune.
La Chapelle-Thémer is a commune.
La Châtaigneraie is a commune.
La Copechagnière is a commune.
La Couture is a commune.
La Faute-sur-Mer is a commune.
La Ferrière is a commune.
La Flocellière is a commune.
La Garnache is a commune.
La Gaubretière is a commune.
La Génétouze is a commune.
La Guérinière is a commune.
La Guyonnière is a commune.
La Jaudonnière is a commune.
La Jonchère is a commune.
La Meilleraie-Tillay is a commune.
La Merlatière is a commune.
La Mothe-Achard is a commune.
La Pommeraie-sur-Sèvre is a commune.
La Rabatelière is a commune.
La Réorthe is a commune.
La Roche-sur-Yon is a commune.
La Taillée is a commune.
La Tardière is a commune.
La Tranche-sur-Mer is a commune.
La Verrie is a commune.
Lairoux is a commune.
Landeronde is a commune.
Landevieille is a commune.
Le Bernard is a commune.
Le Boupère is a commune.
Le Champ-Saint-Père is a commune.
Le Fenouiller is a commune.
Le Girouard is a commune.
Le Givre is a commune.
Le Gué-de-Velluire is a commune.
Le Langon is a commune.
Le Mazeau is a commune.
Le Perrier is a commune.
Le Poiré-sur-Velluire is a commune.
Le Poiré-sur-Vie is a commune.
Le Tablier is a commune.
Les Brouzils is a commune.
Les Châtelliers-Châteaumur is a commune.
Les Clouzeaux is a commune.
Les Epesses is a commune.
Les Essarts is a commune.
Les Herbiers is a commune.
Les Landes-Genusson is a commune.
Les Lucs-sur-Boulogne is a commune.
Les Magnils-Reigniers is a commune.
Les Pineaux is a commune.
Les Sables-d'Olonne is a commune.
Liez is a commune.
Loge-Fougereuse is a commune.
Longèves is a commune.
Longeville-sur-Mer is a commune.
Luçon is a commune.
Maché is a commune.
Maillé is a commune.
Maillezais is a commune.
Mallièvre is a commune.
Mareuil-sur-Lay-Dissais is a commune.
Marillet is a commune.
Marsais-Sainte-Radégonde is a commune.
Martinet is a commune.
Menomblet is a commune.
Mervent is a commune.
Mesnard-la-Barotière is a commune.
Monsireigne is a commune.
Montaigu is a commune.
Montournais is a commune.
Montreuil is a commune.
Moreilles is a commune.
Mormaison is a commune.
Mortagne-sur-Sèvre is a commune.
Mouchamps is a commune.
Mouilleron-en-Pareds is a commune.
Mouilleron-le-Captif is a commune.
Moutiers-les-Mauxfaits is a commune.
Moutiers-sur-le-Lay is a commune.
Mouzeuil-Saint-Martin is a commune.
Nalliers is a commune.
Nesmy is a commune.
Nieul-le-Dolent is a commune.
Nieul-sur-l'Autise is a commune.
Noirmoutier-en-l'Île is a commune.
Notre-Dame-de-Monts is a commune.
Notre-Dame-de-Riez is a commune.
Olonne-sur-Mer is a commune.
Oulmes is a commune.
Palluau is a commune.
Péault is a commune.
Petosse is a commune.
Pissotte is a commune.
Poiroux is a commune.
Pouillé is a commune.
Pouzauges is a commune.
Puy-de-Serre is a commune.
Puyravault is a commune.
Réaumur is a commune.
Rocheservière is a commune.
Rochetrejoux is a commune.
Rosnay is a commune.
Saint-André-Goule-d'Oie is a commune.
Saint-André-Treize-Voies is a commune.
Saint-Aubin-des-Ormeaux is a commune.
Saint-Aubin-la-Plaine is a commune.
Saint-Avaugourd-des-Landes is a commune.
Saint-Benoist-sur-Mer is a commune.
Saint-Christophe-du-Ligneron is a commune.
Saint-Cyr-des-Gâts is a commune.
Saint-Cyr-en-Talmondais is a commune.
Saint-Denis-du-Payré is a commune.
Saint-Denis-la-Chevasse is a commune.
Saint-Étienne-de-Brillouet is a commune.
Saint-Étienne-du-Bois is a commune.
Saint-Florent-des-Bois is a commune.
Saint-Fulgent is a commune.
Saint-Georges-de-Montaigu is a commune.
Saint-Georges-de-Pointindoux is a commune.
Saint-Germain-de-Prinçay is a commune.
Saint-Germain-l'Aiguiller is a commune.
Saint-Gervais is a commune.
Saint-Gilles-Croix-de-Vie is a commune.
Saint-Hilaire-de-Loulay is a commune.
Saint-Hilaire-de-Riez is a commune.
Saint-Hilaire-de-Voust is a commune.
Saint-Hilaire-des-Loges is a commune.
Saint-Hilaire-la-Forêt is a commune.
Saint-Hilaire-le-Vouhis is a commune.
Saint-Jean-de-Beugné is a commune.
Saint-Jean-de-Monts is a commune.
Saint-Juire-Champgillon is a commune.
Saint-Julien-des-Landes is a commune.
Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salle is a commune.
Saint-Laurent-sur-Sèvre is a commune.
Saint-Maixent-sur-Vie is a commune.
Saint-Malô-du-Bois is a commune.
Saint-Mars-la-Réorthe is a commune.
Saint-Martin-de-Fraigneau is a commune.
Saint-Martin-des-Fontaines is a commune.
Saint-Martin-des-Noyers is a commune.
Saint-Martin-des-Tilleuls is a commune.
Saint-Martin-Lars-en-Sainte-Hermine is a commune.
Saint-Mathurin is a commune.
Saint-Maurice-des-Noues is a commune.
Saint-Maurice-le-Girard is a commune.
Saint-Mesmin is a commune.
Saint-Michel-en-l'Herm is a commune.
Saint-Michel-le-Cloucq is a commune.
Saint-Michel-Mont-Mercure is a commune.
Saint-Paul-en-Pareds is a commune.
Saint-Paul-Mont-Penit is a commune.
Saint-Philbert-de-Bouaine is a commune.
Saint-Pierre-du-Chemin is a commune.
Saint-Pierre-le-Vieux is a commune.
Saint-Prouant is a commune.
Saint-Révérend is a commune.
Saint-Sigismond is a commune.
Saint-Sulpice-en-Pareds is a commune.
Saint-Sulpice-le-Verdon is a commune.
Saint-Urbain is a commune.
Saint-Valérien is a commune.
Saint-Vincent-Sterlanges is a commune.
Saint-Vincent-sur-Graon is a commune.
Saint-Vincent-sur-Jard is a commune.
Sainte-Cécile is a commune.
Sainte-Flaive-des-Loups is a commune.
Sainte-Florence is a commune.
Sainte-Foy is a commune.
Sainte-Gemme-la-Plaine is a commune.
Sainte-Hermine is a commune.
Sainte-Pexine is a commune.
Sainte-Radégonde-des-Noyers is a commune.
Saligny is a commune.
Sallertaine is a commune.
Sérigné is a commune.
Sigournais is a commune.
Soullans is a commune.
Tallud-Sainte-Gemme is a commune.
Talmont-Saint-Hilaire is a commune.
Thiré is a commune.
Thorigny is a commune.
Thouarsais-Bouildroux is a commune.
Tiffauges is a commune.
Treize-Septiers is a commune.
Treize-Vents is a commune.
Triaize is a commune.
Vairé is a commune.
Velluire is a commune.
Venansault is a commune.
Vendrennes is a commune.
Vix is a commune.
Vouillé-les-Marais is a commune.
Vouvant is a commune.
Xanton-Chassenon is a commune.
Umberto I was King of Italy from 1878 through 1900.
The Slaniţa River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
The Valea Câmpului River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
The Ursoaia Mare River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
The Puturosu River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
The Florei River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
The Valea Grecului River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
The Valea Babei River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
The Valea Obielei River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
The Valea Iancului River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
The Valea Seciului River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
The Valea Jepilor River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
The Valea Spumoasă River is a tributary of the Valea Jepilor River in Romania.
The Valea Brusturilor River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
The Valea Fabricii River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
The Valea Dracului River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
The Buzoel River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
The Nişcov River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
The Bâsca Chiojdului River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
The Zeletin River is a tributary of the Bâsca Chiojdului River in Romania.
The Stupina River is a tributary of the Zeletin River in Romania.
The Chiojdul River is a tributary of the Bâsca Chiojdului River in Romania.
The Valea Anei River is a tributary of the Chiojdul River in Romania.
The Chiojdul Mare River is a headwater of the Chiojdul River in Romania.
The Valea Screzii River is a tributary of the Chiojdul Mare River in Romania.
The Valea Plopului River is a tributary of the Chiojdul Mare River in Romania.
The Chiojdul Mic River is a headwater of the Chiojdul River in Romania.
The Râul Murătoarei is a tributary to the Bâsca Chiojdului River in Romania.
The Colnic River is a tributary to the Bâsca Chiojdului River in Romania.
The Manole River is a tributary to the Bâsca Chiojdului River in Romania.
The Plescioara River is a tributary to the Bâsca Chiojdului River in Romania.
The Preseaca River is a tributary to the Bâsca Chiojdului River in Romania.
The Pârâul Păcurei is a tributary of the Bâsca Chiojdului River in Romania.
Chiojdu  is a commune of Buzău County in Romania.
The Lera River is a tributary to the Bâsca Chiojdului River in Romania.
Cislău is a commune of Buzău County in Romania.
The Smăciniş River is a tributary to the Bâsca Chiojdului River in Romania.
The Căcăcei River is a tributary to the Bâsca Chiojdului River in Romania.
The Bâsca fără Cale River is a tributary to the Bâsca Chiojdului River in Romania.
The Nehoiu River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
Nehoiu is a town of Buzău County in Romania.
Amaru is a rural municipality of Buzău County in Romania.
Bălăceanu is a rural municipality of Buzău County in Romania.
The Bonţu Mare River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
The Siriu River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
The Siriu Mare River is a headwater of the Siriu River in Romania.
The Morcovoaia River is a tributary of the Siriu Mare River in Romania.
The Milea River or Milea Siriului River is a tributary of the Siriu River in Romania.
The Mreaja River is a tributary of the Siriu River in Romania.
The Siriu Mic River is a headwater of the Siriu River in Romania.
The Siriaşu River is a tributary of the Siriu Mic River in Romania.
The Condrea River is a tributary of the Siriu Mic River in Romania.
The Roşia Mare River is a tributary of the Siriu River in Romania.
The Merişor River is a tributary of the Birchii River in Romania.
The Molidu River is a tributary of the Siriu River in Romania.
The Monteoru River is a tributary of the Siriu River in Romania.
The Valea Popii River is a tributary of the Siriu River in Romania.
The Vaca Mare River is a tributary of the Siriu River in Romania.
The Vaca Mică River is a tributary of the Siriu River in Romania.
The Bradu River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
The Izvorul Negru River or Valea Neagră River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
The Crasna River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
The Urlătoarea River is a tributary of the Crasna River in Romania.
The Urlătoarea Mare River is a headwater of the Urlătoarea River in Romania.
The Urlătoarea Mică River is a headwater of the Urlătoarea River in Romania.
The Manea River is a tributary of the Crasna River in Romania.
The Costeşti River or Valea Pietrenilor River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
The Pârâul lui Ignat is a tributary of the Costeşti River in Romania.
The Pârâul Sec is a tributary of the Costeşti River in Romania.
The Curmătura River is a tributary of the Costeşti River in Romania.
The Ghelălău River is a tributary of the Costeşti River in Romania.
The Otăsău River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
The Tisa River is a tributary of the Otăsău River in Romania.
The Valea Sărată River is a tributary of the Otăsău River in Romania.
The Valea Rece River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
The Cuca River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
The Gurgui River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
The Iazul Morţilor River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
The Pârâul Mare is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
The Hoiseşti River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
The Măgura River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
The Răşcana River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
The Cotnari River is a tributary of the Răşcana River in Romania.
The Duruşca River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
The Buhalniţa River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
The Împuţita River or Puturoasa River is a tributary of the Buhalniţa River.
The Zlodica River is a tributary of the Buhalniţa River in Romania.
The Cârjoaia River or Văcăria River is a tributary of the Buhalniţa River in Romania.
Hamilton is a city in Marion County, Alabama, United States.
Hueytown is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States and a suburb of Birmingham near Bessemer.
Haleyville is a city in Marion and Winston Counties in the U.S.
Hanceville is a city in Cullman County, Alabama, United States.
The Totoeşti River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
Hartford is a city in Geneva County, Alabama, United States.
The Valea Cetăţuiei River or Valea lui Loghin River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
The Chiriţa River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
The Valea Lungă River is a tributary of the Chiriţa River in Romania.
The Şorogari River  is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
The Neagra River is a tributary of the Şorogari River in Romania.
Heflin is a city in Cleburne County, Alabama, United States.
Headland is a city in Henry County, Alabama, United States.
Hartselle is the second largest city in Morgan County, Alabama, about 10 miles  south of Decatur, and is included in the Decatur Metropolitan Area, and the Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area.
The Boldişor River is a tributary of the Neagra River in Romania.
Homewood is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States.
Hokes Bluff is a city in Etowah County, Alabama, United States.
Helena is a city in Jefferson and Shelby Counties in the U.S.
The M40 motorway is a motorway between Denham, near London and Solihull near Birmingham in the United Kingdom.
Adâncata, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Arbore is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Baia is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Bălăceana is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Bălcăuţi is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Bilca is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Bogdăneşti, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Boroaia is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Bosanci, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Botoşana is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Breaza, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Brodina is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Buneşti, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Burla, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Cacica is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Calafindeşti is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Capu Câmpului is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Cârlibaba is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Ciocăneşti, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Ciprian Porumbescu, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Comăneşti, Suceva is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Cornu Luncii is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Coşna is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Crucea, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Dărmăneşti, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Dolheşti, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Dorna-Arini is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Dorna Candrenilor is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Dorneşti is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Drăgoieşti is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Drăguşeni, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Dumbrăveni, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Fântâna Mare is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Fântânele, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Forăşti is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Frătăuţii Noi is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Frătăuţii Vechi is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Frumosu is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Fundu Moldovei is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Gălăneşti is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Grămeşti is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Grăniceşti is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Hănţeşti is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Hârtop is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Horodnic de Jos is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Horodnic de Sus is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Horodniceni is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Iacobeni, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Iaslovăţ is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Ilişeşti is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Ipoteşti, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Izvoarele Sucevei is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Mălini is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Mănăstirea Humorului is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Marginea is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Mitocu Dragomirnei is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Moara, Romania is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Moldova-Suliţa is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Moldoviţa, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Muşeniţa is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Păltinoasa is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Panaci is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Pârteştii de Jos is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Pătrăuţi is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Poiana Stampei is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Poieni-Solca is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Pojorâta is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Preuteşti is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Putna, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Rădăşeni is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Râşca, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Şaru Dornei is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Satu Mare, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Şcheia, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Serbăuţi is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Siminicea is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Slatina, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Straja, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Stroieşti, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Stulpicani is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Suceviţa is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Todireşti, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Udeşti is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Ulma, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Vadu Moldovei is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Valea Moldovei is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Vama, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Vatra Moldoviţei is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Vereşti is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Vicovu de Jos is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Voitinel is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Volovăţ is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Vultureşti, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Zamostea is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Zvoriştea is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.
Afumaţi, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Almăj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Amărăştii de Jos is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Amărăştii de Sus is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Apele Vii is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Argetoaia is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Bistreţ is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Botoşeşti-Paia is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Brabova is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Braloştiţa is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Bratovoeşti is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Breasta is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Brădeşti, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Bucovăţ is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Bulzeşti is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Bârca is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Calopăr is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Caraula is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Carpen is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Castranova is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Catane is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Celaru is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Cernăteşti is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Cerăt is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Cetate, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Cioroiaşi is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Ciupercenii Noi is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Coşoveni is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Coţofenii din Dos is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Coţofenii din Faţă is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Cârcea is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Cârna is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Călăraşi, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Daneţi is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Desa, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Dioşti is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Dobreşti, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Dobroteşti, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Drăgoteşti, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Drănic is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Fărcaş is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Galicea Mare is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Galiciuica is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Gherceşti is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Ghidici is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Ghindeni is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Gighera is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Giubega is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Giurgiţa is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Gogoşu, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Goicea is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Goieşti is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Greceşti is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Gângiova is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Izvoare is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Işalniţa is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Leu, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Lipovu is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Maglavit is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Malu Mare is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Melineşti is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Mischii is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Moţăţei is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Murgaşi is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Mârşani is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Măceşu de Jos is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Măceşu de Sus is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Negoi is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Orodel is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Ostroveni is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Perişor is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Pieleşti is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Piscu Vechi is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Pleniţa is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Pleşoi is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Podari is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Poiana Mare is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Predeşti is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Radovan, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Rast, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Robăneşti is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Rojişte is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Sadova, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Scăeşti is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Seaca de Câmp is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Seaca de Pădure is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Secu is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Siliştea Crucii is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Sopot, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Sălcuţa is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Terpeziţa is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Teslui, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Tălpaş is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Unirea, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Urzicuţa is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Valea Stanciului is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Vela, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Verbiţa is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Vârtop is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Vârvoru de Jos is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Întorsura is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Şimnicu de Sus is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Ţuglui is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.
Adak is a city in Alaska.
Akhiok, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Akiak, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Akutan, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Alakanuk, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Aleknagik, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Allakaket, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Ambler, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Anaktuvuk Pass, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Anderson, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Angoon, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Aniak, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Anvik, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Atka, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Atqasuk, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Barrow, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Bethel, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Bettles, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Brevig Mission, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Buckland, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Central, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Chefornak, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Chevak, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Chignik, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Chuathbaluk, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Circle, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Circle Hot Springs, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Clark's Point, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Coffman Cove, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Cold Bay, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Cordova, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Craig, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Deering, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Delta Junction, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Dillingham, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Diomede, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Sablet is a commune.
Saignon is a commune.
Eagle, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Saint-Christol is a commune.
Eek, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Egegik, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Ekwok is a city in Alaska.
Elim, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Emmonak, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Saint-Didier is a commune.
Fairbanks, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
False Pass, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Saint-Hippolyte-le-Graveyron is a commune.
Fort Yukon, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Galena, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Gambell, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Golovin, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Saint-Léger-du-Ventoux is a commune.
Goodnews Bay, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Saint-Marcellin-lès-Vaison is a commune.
Grayling, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Gustavus, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Juneau City and Borough, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Saint-Martin-de-Castillon is a commune.
Kachemak, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Saint-Martin-de-la-Brasque is a commune.
Kake, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Kaktovik, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Kaltag, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Kasaan, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Kenai, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Ketchikan, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Kiana, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
King Cove, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Saint-Pantaléon, Vaucluse is a commune.
Kivalina, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Saint-Pierre-de-Vassols is a commune.
Klawock, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Saint-Romain-en-Viennois is a commune.
Kobuk, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Saint-Roman-de-Malegarde is a commune.
Saint-Saturnin-lès-Apt is a commune.
Saint-Saturnin-lès-Avignon is a commune.
Kodiak, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Saint-Trinit is a commune.
Sainte-Cécile-les-Vignes is a commune.
Kotlik, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Sannes is a commune.
Kotzebue, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Sarrians is a commune.
Koyuk, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Sault, Vaucluse is a commune.
Koyukuk, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Saumane-de-Vaucluse is a commune.
Savoillan is a commune.
Kupreanof, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Sivergues is a commune.
Sorgues is a commune.
Suzette is a commune.
Séguret is a commune.
Sérignan-du-Comtat is a commune.
Taillades is a commune.
Kwethluk, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Travaillan is a commune.
Uchaux is a commune.
Larsen Bay, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Vacqueyras is a commune.
Levelock, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Vaison-la-Romaine is a commune.
Lower Kalskag, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Valréas is a commune.
Napakiak, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Vaugines is a commune.
Napaskiak, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Vedène is a commune.
Nenana, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Velleron is a commune.
New Stuyahok, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Venasque is a commune.
Viens is a commune.
Newhalen, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Villars, Vaucluse is a commune.
Nightmute, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Villedieu, Vaucluse is a commune.
Nikolai, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Villelaure is a commune.
Nondalton, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Villes-sur-Auzon is a commune.
Noorvik, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Violès is a commune.
Visan is a commune.
Vitrolles-en-Lubéron is a commune.
North Pole, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Nuiqsut, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Nulato, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Nunam Iqua, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Nunapitchuk, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Old Harbor, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Ouzinkie, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Palmer, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Pelican, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Petersburg, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Pilot Point, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Pilot Station, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Platinum, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Point Hope, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Port Alexander, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Port Heiden, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Port Lions, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Quinhagak, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Ruby, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Russian Mission, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Sand Point, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Savoonga, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Saxman, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Scammon Bay, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Selawik, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Seldovia, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Seward, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Shageluk, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Shaktoolik, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Shishmaref, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Shungnak, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Sitka City and Borough, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Skagway, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Soldotna, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
St.
St.
St.
St.
Stebbins, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Tanana, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Teller, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Tenakee Springs, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Thorne Bay, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Togiak, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Toksook Bay, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Unalakleet, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Unalaska, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Upper Kalskag, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Valdez, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Wainwright, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Wales, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
White Mountain, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Wrangell, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
Yakutat City and Borough, Alaska is a city in Alaska.
There are 419 communes in the Ain "département" in France.
Ambérieu-en-Bugey is a commune.
Ambérieux-en-Dombes is a commune.
Ambléon is a commune.
Ambronay is a commune.
Ambutrix is a commune.
Andert-et-Condon is a commune.
Anglefort is a commune.
Apremont is a commune.
Aranc is a commune.
Arandas is a commune.
Arbent is a commune.
Arbignieu is a commune.
Arbigny is a commune.
Argis is a commune.
Armix is a commune.
Ars-sur-Formans is a commune.
Artemare is a commune.
Asnières-sur-Saône is a commune.
Attignat is a commune.
Bâgé-la-Ville is a commune.
Bâgé-le-Châtel is a commune.
Balan is a commune.
Baneins is a commune.
Beaupont is a commune.
Beauregard is a commune.
Béligneux is a commune.
Bellegarde-sur-Valserine is a commune.
Belley is a commune.
Belleydoux is a commune.
Bellignat is a commune.
Belmont-Luthézieu is a commune.
Arkadelphia, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Bénonces is a commune.
Arkansas City, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Bény is a commune.
Ash Flat, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Ashdown, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Béon is a commune.
Atkins, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Augusta, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Béréziat is a commune.
Bald Knob, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Bettant is a commune.
Barling, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Bey is a commune.
Batesville, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Bearden, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Beynost is a commune.
Beaver, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Beebe, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Bella Vista, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Billiat is a commune.
Benton, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Bentonville, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Berryville, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Bigelow, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Biggers, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Bismarck, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Black Oak, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Black Rock, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Bluff City, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Birieux is a commune.
Blytheville, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Bono, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Booneville, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Bradley, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Branch, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Brinkley, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Brookland, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Bryant, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Biziat is a commune.
Bull Shoals, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Cabot, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Calico Rock, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Blyes is a commune.
Camden, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Carlisle, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Cave City, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Bohas-Meyriat-Rignat is a commune.
Centerton, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Charleston, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Cherokee Village, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Clarendon, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Boissey is a commune.
Clarksville, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Bolozon is a commune.
Clinton, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Conway, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Bouligneux is a commune.
Bourg-en-Bresse is a commune.
Bourg-Saint-Christophe is a commune.
Boyeux-Saint-Jérôme is a commune.
Boz is a commune.
Brégnier-Cordon is a commune.
Brénaz is a commune.
Brénod is a commune.
Brens is a commune.
Bressolles is a commune.
Brion is a commune.
Briord is a commune.
Buellas is a commune.
Ceignes is a commune.
Cerdon is a commune.
Corning, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Cotter, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Cotton Plant, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Certines is a commune.
Crossett, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Cushman, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Cessy is a commune.
Ceyzériat is a commune.
Danville, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Comeback Kid  are a Hardcore punk band from Canada.
Dardanelle, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Ceyzérieu is a commune.
De Queen, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Decatur, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Delaplaine, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Chalamont is a commune.
Dermott, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Des Arc, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Diamond City, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Chaleins is a commune.
Diaz, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Donaldson, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Dover, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Chaley is a commune.
Dumas, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Egypt, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
El Dorado, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Challes-la-Montagne is a commune.
Elaine, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Challex is a commune.
Eudora, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Champagne-en-Valromey is a commune.
Champdor is a commune.
Champfromier is a commune.
Chanay is a commune.
Eureka Springs, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Chaneins is a commune.
Evening Shade, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Chanoz-Châtenay is a commune.
Fairfield Bay, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Farmington, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Fayetteville, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Charix is a commune.
Fifty-Six, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Charnoz-sur-Ain is a commune.
The Large Bee Fly  is a bee mimic.
Château-Gaillard is a commune.
Châtenay is a commune.
Châtillon-en-Michaille is a commune.
Châtillon-la-Palud is a commune.
Châtillon-sur-Chalaronne is a commune.
Chavannes-sur-Reyssouze is a commune.
Chavannes-sur-Suran is a commune.
Chaveyriat is a commune.
Chavornay is a commune.
Chazey-Bons is a commune.
Chazey-sur-Ain is a commune.
Cheignieu-la-Balme is a commune.
Chevillard is a commune.
Chevroux is a commune.
Chevry is a commune.
Chézery-Forens is a commune.
Civrieux is a commune.
Cize is a commune.
Cleyzieu is a commune.
Coligny is a commune.
Collonges is a commune.
Colomieu is a commune.
Conand is a commune.
Condamine is a commune.
Condeissiat is a commune.
Confort is a commune.
Confrançon is a commune.
Contrevoz is a commune.
Conzieu is a commune.
Corbonod is a commune.
Corcelles is a commune.
Corlier is a commune.
Cormaranche-en-Bugey is a commune.
Cormoranche-sur-Saône is a commune.
Cormoz is a commune.
Corveissiat is a commune.
Courmangoux is a commune.
Courtes is a commune.
Crans is a commune.
Cras-sur-Reyssouze is a commune.
Fisher, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Cressin-Rochefort is a commune.
Flippin, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Crottet is a commune.
Fordyce, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Crozet is a commune.
Forrest City, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Cruzilles-lès-Mépillat is a commune.
Culoz is a commune.
Fort Smith, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Curciat-Dongalon is a commune.
Curtafond is a commune.
Cuzieu is a commune.
Fountain Lake, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Dagneux is a commune.
Friendship, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Divonne-les-Bains is a commune.
Fulton County, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Dommartin is a commune.
Gassville, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Dompierre-sur-Chalaronne is a commune.
Gentry, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Dompierre-sur-Veyle is a commune.
Gosnell, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Domsure is a commune.
Dortan is a commune.
Gravette, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Douvres is a commune.
Greenwood, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Drom is a commune.
Guion, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Druillat is a commune.
Échallon is a commune.
Gurdon, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Échenevex is a commune.
Guy, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Étrez is a commune.
Hamburg, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Évosges is a commune.
Hampton, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Faramans is a commune.
Fareins is a commune.
Farges is a commune.
Feillens is a commune.
Ferney-Voltaire is a commune.
Flaxieu is a commune.
Foissiat is a commune.
Francheleins is a commune.
Frans is a commune.
Garnerans is a commune.
Genouilleux is a commune.
Géovreisset is a commune.
Géovreissiat is a commune.
Germagnat is a commune.
Gex is a commune.
Giron is a commune.
Gorrevod is a commune.
Grand-Corent is a commune.
Grièges is a commune.
Grilly is a commune.
Groissiat is a commune.
Groslée is a commune.
Harrison, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Guéreins is a commune.
Heber Springs, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Hautecourt-Romanèche is a commune.
Highland, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Hauteville-Lompnes is a commune.
Hot Springs, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Hostiaz is a commune.
Hoxie, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Hotonnes is a commune.
Jacksonville, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Illiat is a commune.
Jersey, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Injoux-Génissiat is a commune.
Jonesboro, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Innimond is a commune.
Izenave is a commune.
Keo, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Izernore is a commune.
Lake Village, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Izieu is a commune.
Lakeview, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Jassans-Riottier is a commune.
Jasseron is a commune.
Lavaca, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Jayat is a commune.
Journans is a commune.
Leachville, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Joyeux is a commune.
Lead Hill, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Jujurieux is a commune.
L'Abergement-Clémenciat is a commune.
Leola, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
L'Abergement-de-Varey is a commune.
La Boisse is a commune.
La Burbanche is a commune.
La Chapelle-du-Châtelard is a commune.
La Tranclière is a commune.
Labalme is a commune.
Lagnieu is a commune.
Laiz is a commune.
Lalleyriat is a commune.
Lancrans is a commune.
Lantenay is a commune.
Lapeyrouse is a commune.
Leslie, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Lavours is a commune.
Lincoln, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Le Grand-Abergement is a commune.
London, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Le Montellier is a commune.
Le Petit-Abergement is a commune.
Lonoke, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Le Plantay is a commune.
Lowell, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Le Poizat is a commune.
Madison, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Tony Hawk's American Wasteland is a skateboarding video game that was on the PS2, Xbox, Xbox 360, Nintendo GameCube and PC.
Léaz is a commune.
Magazine, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Lélex is a commune.
Magnolia, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Lent is a commune.
Malvern, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Les Neyrolles is a commune.
Lescheroux is a commune.
Mammoth Spring, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Leyment is a commune.
Mansfield, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Leyssard is a commune.
Marianna, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Lhôpital is a commune.
Marion, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Lhuis is a commune.
Marked Tree, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Lochieu is a commune.
Lompnas is a commune.
Marshall, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Lompnieu is a commune.
Loyettes is a commune.
Lurcy is a commune.
Magnieu is a commune.
Maillat is a commune.
Malafretaz is a commune.
Mantenay-Montlin is a commune.
Manziat is a commune.
Marboz is a commune.
Marchamp is a commune.
Marignieu is a commune.
Marlieux is a commune.
Marsonnas is a commune.
Martignat is a commune.
Massieux is a commune.
Massignieu-de-Rives is a commune.
Matafelon-Granges is a commune.
Meillonnas is a commune.
Mérignat is a commune.
Messimy-sur-Saône is a commune.
Meximieux is a commune.
Mézériat is a commune.
Mijoux is a commune.
Mionnay is a commune.
Miribel is a commune.
Misérieux is a commune.
Mogneneins is a commune.
Montagnat is a commune.
Montagnieu is a commune.
Montanges is a commune.
Montceaux is a commune.
Montcet is a commune.
Monthieux is a commune.
Montluel is a commune.
Montmerle-sur-Saône is a commune.
Montracol is a commune.
Montréal-la-Cluse is a commune.
Montrevel-en-Bresse is a commune.
Murs-et-Gélignieux is a commune.
Nantua is a commune.
Nattages is a commune.
Neuville-les-Dames is a commune.
Marvell, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Neuville-sur-Ain is a commune.
Neyron is a commune.
Maumelle, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Niévroz is a commune.
McGehee, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Nivollet-Montgriffon is a commune.
Melbourne, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Nurieux-Volognat is a commune.
Mena, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Oncieu is a commune.
Ordonnaz is a commune.
Monticello, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Ornex is a commune.
Morrilton, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Outriaz is a commune.
Mountain Home, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Oyonnax is a commune.
Mountain View, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Ozan is a commune.
Parcieux is a commune.
Parves is a commune.
Péron is a commune.
Péronnas is a commune.
Pérouges is a commune.
Perrex is a commune.
Peyriat is a commune.
Mountainburg, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Peyrieu is a commune.
Nashville, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Peyzieux-sur-Saône is a commune.
Natural Steps, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Pirajoux is a commune.
Pizay is a commune.
Newport, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Plagne is a commune.
Norfork, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Polliat is a commune.
North Little Rock, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Pollieu is a commune.
Ola, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Poncin is a commune.
Omaha, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Pont-d'Ain is a commune.
Pont-de-Vaux is a commune.
Osceola, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Pont-de-Veyle is a commune.
Ozark, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Port is a commune.
Pougny is a commune.
Pouillat is a commune.
Prémeyzel is a commune.
Palestine, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Prémillieu is a commune.
Paragould, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Pressiat is a commune.
Prévessin-Moëns is a commune.
Priay is a commune.
Pugieu is a commune.
Ramasse is a commune.
Rancé is a commune.
Relevant is a commune.
Replonges is a commune.
Revonnas is a commune.
Reyrieux is a commune.
Reyssouze is a commune.
Rignieux-le-Franc is a commune.
Romans is a commune.
Rossillon is a commune.
Ruffieu is a commune.
Paris, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Saint-Alban is a commune.
Saint-André-d'Huiriat is a commune.
Pea Ridge, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Saint-André-de-Bâgé is a commune.
Peach Orchard, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Saint-André-de-Corcy is a commune.
Perryville, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Saint-André-le-Bouchoux is a commune.
Saint-André-sur-Vieux-Jonc is a commune.
Saint-Bénigne is a commune.
Saint-Benoît is a commune.
Saint-Bernard is a commune.
Saint-Bois is a commune.
Saint-Champ is a commune.
Saint-Cyr-sur-Menthon is a commune.
Saint-Denis-en-Bugey is a commune.
Saint-Denis-lès-Bourg is a commune.
Saint-Didier-d'Aussiat is a commune.
Saint-Didier-de-Formans is a commune.
Saint-Didier-sur-Chalaronne is a commune.
Saint-Éloi is a commune.
Saint-Étienne-du-Bois is a commune.
Saint-Étienne-sur-Chalaronne is a commune.
Saint-Étienne-sur-Reyssouze is a commune.
Piggott, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Saint-Genis-Pouilly is a commune.
Saint-Genis-sur-Menthon is a commune.
Saint-Georges-sur-Renon is a commune.
Saint-Germain-de-Joux is a commune.
Saint-Germain-les-Paroisses is a commune.
Saint-Germain-sur-Renon is a commune.
Pindall, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Saint-Jean-de-Gonville is a commune.
Pine Bluff, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Saint-Jean-de-Niost is a commune.
Skateboarding is the act of riding on a skateboard.
Saint-Jean-de-Thurigneux is a commune.
Saint-Jean-le-Vieux is a commune.
Saint-Jean-sur-Reyssouze is a commune.
Saint-Jean-sur-Veyle is a commune.
Saint-Julien-sur-Reyssouze is a commune.
Saint-Julien-sur-Veyle is a commune.
Saint-Just is a commune.
Saint-Laurent-sur-Saône is a commune.
Saint-Marcel is a commune.
Saint-Martin-de-Bavel is a commune.
Saint-Martin-du-Frêne is a commune.
Saint-Martin-du-Mont is a commune.
Saint-Martin-le-Châtel is a commune.
Saint-Maurice-de-Beynost is a commune.
Saint-Maurice-de-Gourdans is a commune.
Saint-Maurice-de-Rémens is a commune.
Saint-Nizier-le-Bouchoux is a commune.
Saint-Nizier-le-Désert is a commune.
Saint-Paul-de-Varax is a commune.
Saint-Rambert-en-Bugey is a commune.
Pocahontas, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Saint-Rémy is a commune.
Saint-Sorlin-en-Bugey is a commune.
Pottsville, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Saint-Sulpice is a commune.
Poyen, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Saint-Trivier-de-Courtes is a commune.
Prairie Grove, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Saint-Trivier-sur-Moignans is a commune.
Saint-Vulbas is a commune.
Prescott, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Sainte-Croix is a commune.
Sainte-Euphémie is a commune.
Sainte-Julie is a commune.
Sainte-Olive is a commune.
Salavre is a commune.
Pyatt, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Samognat is a commune.
Ravenden, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Sandrans is a commune.
Sault-Brénaz is a commune.
Rector, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Sauverny is a commune.
Rogers, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Savigneux is a commune.
Ségny is a commune.
Seillonnaz is a commune.
Sergy is a commune.
Sermoyer is a commune.
Serrières-de-Briord is a commune.
Serrières-sur-Ain is a commune.
Servas is a commune.
Romance, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Servignat is a commune.
Seyssel is a commune.
Russellville, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Simandre-sur-Suran is a commune.
Songieu is a commune.
Salem, Fulton County, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Sonthonnax-la-Montagne is a commune.
Salem, Saline County, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Souclin is a commune.
Saline County, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Sulignat is a commune.
Surjoux is a commune.
Sutrieu is a commune.
Talissieu is a commune.
Tenay is a commune.
Thézillieu is a commune.
Thil is a commune.
Thoiry is a commune.
Thoissey is a commune.
Torcieu is a commune.
Tossiat is a commune.
Toussieux is a commune.
Tramoyes is a commune.
Treffort-Cuisiat is a commune.
Scranton, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Trévoux is a commune.
Searcy, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Valeins is a commune.
Vandeins is a commune.
Sedgwick, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Varambon is a commune.
Vaux-en-Bugey is a commune.
Verjon is a commune.
Sheridan, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Vernoux is a commune.
Sherwood, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Versailleux is a commune.
Versonnex is a commune.
Shirley, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Vesancy is a commune.
Sidney, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Vescours is a commune.
Siloam Springs, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Vésines is a commune.
Vieu is a commune of France.
Smackover, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Vieu-d'Izenave is a commune.
Springdale, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Villars-les-Dombes is a commune.
St.
Villebois is a commune.
Star City, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Villemotier is a commune.
Stuttgart, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Villeneuve is a commune.
Villereversure is a commune.
Subiaco, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Villes is a commune.
Sulphur Springs, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Villette-sur-Ain is a commune.
Texarkana, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Villieu-Loyes-Mollon is a commune.
Trumann, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Viriat is a commune.
Tuckerman, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Virieu-le-Grand is a commune.
Van Buren, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Virieu-le-Petit is a commune.
Vilonia, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Virignin is a commune.
Viola, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Vongnes is a commune.
Vonnas is a commune.
Waldenburg, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Waldron, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Walnut Ridge, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Warren, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Weiner, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
West Fork, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
West Helena, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
West Memphis, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
White Hall, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Wilton, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Winslow, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Wynne, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Yellville, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
Hardy, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.
The Northern Areas , officially referred to by the government of Pakistan as the Federally Administered Northern Areas , is the northernmost political entity within the Pakistani-administered part of the former princely state of Jammu and Kashmir.
The Bouncing Souls are a punk rock band from New Brunswick, New Jersey that formed in 1987.
The Leedsichthys, or Leeds Fish , was a giant fish of pachycormid, that lived in the Jurassic Period, the people says that the Leeds Fish was bigger than the Blue Whale, but the remains of Leedsichthys founded are not complete.
The Polynesian Rat, or Pacific Rat , known to the Māori as kiore, is the third most widespread species of rat in the world behind the Brown Rat and Black rat.
Oddworld is a name given to a video game series that has won many awards.
The WWE Tag Team Championship is a professional wrestling world tag team championship of World Wrestling Entertainment, and it's exclusive of SmackDown brand.
Michael "Mike" Mizanin , is an American professional wrestler, better know by his ring name The Miz working on the ECW brand, he also appears in Raw and SmackDown, Mizanin is the current World Tag Team Champion with his partner John Morrison.
Covonia is brand of medicine for treating coughs and other chest infections.
Steve Borden , is an American professional wrestler, better known as his ring name Sting.
Bisham  is a village in Berkshire, England, UK.
Amirat is a commune.
Andon, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.
Antibes is a commune.
Ascros is a commune.
Aspremont, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.
Auribeau-sur-Siagne is a commune.
Auvare is a commune.
Bairols is a commune.
Beaulieu-sur-Mer is a commune.
Beausoleil, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.
Belvédère is a commune.
Bendejun is a commune.
Berre-les-Alpes is a commune.
Beuil is a commune.
Biot, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.
Blausasc is a commune.
Bonson, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.
Bouyon is a commune.
Breil-sur-Roya is a commune.
Briançonnet is a commune.
Bézaudun-les-Alpes is a commune.
Cabris is a commune.
Cagnes-sur-Mer is a commune.
Caille is a commune.
Cantaron is a commune.
Cap-d'Ail is a commune.
Carros is a commune.
Castagniers is a commune.
Castellar, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.
Castillon, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.
Caussols is a commune.
Châteauneuf-Grasse is a commune.
Châteauneuf-Villevieille is a commune.
Châteauneuf-d'Entraunes is a commune.
Cipières is a commune.
Clans, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.
Coaraze is a commune.
Collongues, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.
Colomars is a commune.
Conségudes is a commune.
Contes, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.
Courmes is a commune.
Coursegoules is a commune.
Cuébris is a commune.
Daluis is a commune.
Drap is a commune.
Duranus is a commune.
Entraunes is a commune.
Escragnolles is a commune.
Falicon is a commune.
Fontan is a commune.
Gars, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.
Gattières is a commune.
Gilette is a commune.
Gorbio is a commune.
Gourdon, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.
Grasse is a commune.
Gréolières is a commune.
Guillaumes is a commune.
Ilonse is a commune.
Isola, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.
L'Escarène is a commune.
La Bollène-Vésubie is a commune.
La Brigue is a commune.
La Colle-sur-Loup is a commune.
La Croix-sur-Roudoule is a commune.
La Gaude is a commune.
La Penne is a commune.
La Roquette-sur-Siagne is a commune.
La Roquette-sur-Var is a commune.
La Tour, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.
La Trinité, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.
La Turbie is a commune.
Lantosque is a commune.
Le Bar-sur-Loup is a commune.
Le Broc, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.
Le Cannet is a commune.
Le Mas is a commune.
Le Rouret is a commune.
Le Tignet is a commune.
Les Ferres is a commune.
Les Mujouls is a commune.
Levens is a commune.
Lieuche is a commune.
Lucéram is a commune.
Malaussène is a commune.
Mandelieu-la-Napoule is a commune.
Marie, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.
Massoins is a commune.
Menton is a commune.
Mouans-Sartoux is a commune.
Mougins is a commune.
Moulinet, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.
Opio, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.
Peille is a commune.
Peillon is a commune.
Peymeinade is a commune.
Pierlas is a commune.
Pierrefeu is a commune.
Puget-Rostang is a commune.
Puget-Théniers is a commune.
Pégomas is a commune.
Péone is a commune.
Revest-les-Roches is a commune.
Rigaud, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.
Rimplas is a commune.
Roquebillière is a commune.
Roquebrune-Cap-Martin is a commune.
Roquesteron is a commune.
Roquestéron-Grasse is a commune.
Roubion is a commune.
Roure is a commune.
Saint-André-de-la-Roche is a commune.
Saint-Antonin, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.
Saint-Auban is a commune.
Saint-Blaise, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.
Saint-Cézaire-sur-Siagne is a commune.
Saint-Dalmas-le-Selvage is a commune.
Saint-Jean-Cap-Ferrat is a commune.
Saint-Jeannet, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.
Saint-Laurent-du-Var is a commune.
Saint-Léger, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.
Saint-Martin-Vésubie is a commune.
Saint-Martin-d'Entraunes is a commune.
Saint-Martin-du-Var is a commune.
Saint-Paul, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.
Saint-Sauveur-sur-Tinée is a commune.
Saint-Vallier-de-Thiey is a commune.
Saint-Étienne-de-Tinée is a commune.
Sainte-Agnès, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.
Sallagriffon is a commune.
Saorge is a commune.
Sauze is a commune.
Sigale is a commune.
Sospel is a commune.
Spéracèdes is a commune.
Séranon is a commune.
Tende is a commune.
Thiéry is a commune.
Théoule-sur-Mer is a commune.
Toudon is a commune.
Tourette-du-Château is a commune.
Tournefort, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune.
Tourrette-Levens is a commune.
Tourrettes-sur-Loup is a commune.
Touët-de-l'Escarène is a commune.
Touët-sur-Var is a commune.
Utelle is a commune.
Valbonne is a commune.
Valdeblore is a commune.
Valderoure is a commune.
Vallauris is a commune.
Venanson is a commune.
Vence is a commune.
Villars-sur-Var is a commune.
Villefranche-sur-Mer is a commune.
Villeneuve-Loubet is a commune.
Villeneuve-d'Entraunes is a commune.
Èze is a commune.
"Make Mine Music" is a 1946 animated movie.
Ambulocetus  was an early cetacean that could walk as well as swim.
Newark-on-Trent is a small market town 14 miles north of Nottingham, in the East Midlands of England.
The Sadul lui Sân River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
The Alunul River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
The Zănoaga River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
The Sădişor River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
The Chichirău River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
The Cârlig River is a tributary of the Şorogari River in Romania.
The Fedeleşul River is a tributary of the Şorogari River in Romania.
Râul Lupului or Valea Lupului River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
The Româneşti River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
The Curmătura River is a tributary of the Sitna River in Romania.
The Jirinca River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Puturosu River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Gard River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Buzunosu River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Lunca River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Valea Iazurilor River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Putreda River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Ghilăuca River is a tributary of the Putreda River in Romania.
The Tinca River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The La Iazul cel Mare River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Frasin River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Optoceni River is a tributary of the Frasin River in Romania.
The Roşcani River is a tributary of the Frasin River in Romania.
The Rădeni River is a tributary of the Frasin River in Romania.
The Pop River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Fundoaia River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Epureni River or Iepureni River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Ciornohal River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Guranda River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Drâslea River or Drislea River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Iazul lui Stavri River is a tributary of the Drâslea River in Romania.
The Valea Ciolpanilor River is a tributary of the Drâslea River in Romania.
The Ghiţălăria River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Săvescu River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Tălpeni River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Părul River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Pârâul lui Martin is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Ibăneasa River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Tricova River is a tributary of the Ibăneasa River in Romania.
The Griviţa River is a tributary of the Ibăneasa River in Romania.
The Ghilăuca River is a tributary of the Ibăneasa River in Romania.
The Găinăria River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Mihăiaşa River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Glăvăneşti River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Gotcoaia River is a tributary of the Glăvăneşti River in Romania.
The Crăcălia River is a tributary of the Glăvăneşti River in Romania.
The Chişcata River is a tributary of the Glăvăneşti River in Romania.
The Hărbărău River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Blândeşti River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
The Valea Boului is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania.
The Mierea River is a tributary of the Valea Boului River in Romania.
The Seaca River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania.
The Hartanu River or Artanu River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania.
The Plosca River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania.
The Gagai River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania.
The Totea River is a tributary of the Amaradia River.
The Plopu River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania.
The Valea Negrenilor River or Negreni River is a tributary of the Amaradia River.
The Strâmba River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania.
The Văluţa River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania.
The Slăvuţa River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania.
The Valea Gâlceştilor River or Gâlceşti River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania.
The Poieniţa River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania.
The Amărăzuia River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania.
The Horga River is a tributary of the Amărăzuia River in Romania.
Bassersdorf is a municipality in the Swiss canton of Zurich.
Maurice Duruflé  was a French composer and organist.
The Sala São Paulo is a concert hall in the Julio Prestes Cultural Center in the city of São Paulo, Brazil.
New Sweden  was a Swedish colony in the USA that existed from 1638 through 1655.
4013 Ogiria  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 21, 1979 by N.
4014 Heizman  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 28, 1979 by Chernykh, N.
4016 Sambre  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 15, 1979 by H.
4017 Disneya  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 21, 1980 by Karachkina, L.
Robert James "Bobby" Fischer  was an American-born chess Grandmaster, and the eleventh World Chess Champion.
4021 Dancey  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 30, 1981 by Bowell, E.
4022 Nonna  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 8, 1981 by Lyudmila Chernykh at the Crimean Astrophysical Observatory.
4010 Nikol'skij  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 21, 1977 by N.
4011 Bakharev  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 28, 1978 by Chernykh, N.
The World Chess Championship is played to choose the World Champion in the board game chess.
4008 Corbin  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 22, 1977 by Carlos U.
Comet Wilson-Harrington is a comet that comes and goes every once in a while.
6458 Nouda  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 2, 1992 by T.
6456 Golombek  is an Amor asteroid and Mars-crosser asteroid that was found on July 27, 1992 by Helin, E.
64553 Segorbe  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 24, 2001 by Rafael Ferrando at Pla D'Arguines.
6452 Johneuller  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 17, 1991 by T.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on April 9, 1991.
Phosgene is the chemical compound with the formula COCl2.
6449 Kudara  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 7, 1991 by T.
6447 Terrycole  is a Inner Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 14, 1990 by E.
6446 Lomberg  is a Mars-crossing asteroid that was found on August 18, 1990 by E.
6445 Bellmore  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 23, 1990 by E.
WrestleMania XIV was the fourteenth WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view  event made by the World Wrestling Federation , which took place on March 29, 1998 at the Fleet Center in Boston, Massachusetts.
7054 Brehm  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 6, 1989 by F.
7051 Sean  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 13, 1985 by C.
7049 Meibom  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 24, 1981 by S.
7043 Godart  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 2, 1934 by E.
7042 Carver  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 24, 1933 by K.
7041 Nantucket  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960 by C.
7040 Harwood  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960 by van Houten, C.
7039 Yamagata  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 14, 1996 by T.
7037 Davidlean  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 29, 1995 by Y.
The Reghiu River is a tributary of the Milcov River in Romania.
The Coza River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
The Pârâul lui Toader is a headwater of the Coza River in Romania.
The Pârâul Mioarele is a headwater of the Coza River in Romania.
George Drennen Fischer was an American activist and spokesman for the National Education Association.
Security-Enhanced Linux  is a Linux feature that gives a variety of security rules, including mandatory access controls.
8003 Kelvin  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 1, 1987 by E.
8005 Albinadubois  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 16, 1988 by Helin, E.
8011 Saijokeiichi  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 29, 1989 by K.
8013 Gordonmoore  is an Amor asteroid and Mars-crosser asteroid that was found on May 18, 1990 by E.
An amor asteroid is a group of asteroids found near Earth that were named after 1221 Amor.
7046 Reshetnev  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 20, 1977 by N.
7048 Chaussidon  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 2, 1981 by S.
Iaşi is a county  of Romania, in Moldavia.
Ye  or E   is the sixth letter of the Cyrillic alphabet.
Phosgene oxime, also is also called dichloroformoxime or CX, It is also a weapon, and a nettle agent.
7061 Pieri  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 15, 1991 by E.
Yo  is the seventh letter of the Russian Cyrillic alphabet.
7062 Meslier  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 06, 1991 by E.
70679 Urzidil  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 30, 1999 by J.
7067 Kiyose  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 4, 1993 by M.
7068 Minowa  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 26, 1994 by Y.
70737 Stenflo  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 8, 1999 by S.
7073 Rudbelia  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 11, 1972 by N.
70745 Aleserpieri  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 9, 1999 by V.
7074 Muckea  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 10, 1977 by N.
Pianoro is a town of the province of Bologna in Italy.
Zhe  is the seventh  letter in the Cyrillic alphabet.
The city limits are boundaries that define where a city ends.
The European Capital of Culture is a city chosen by the European Union for a period of one calendar year.
Kazuyoshi Miura  is a Japanese football player.
Japan Soccer League is a former football league in Japan.
Statistics of Japan Soccer League in season 1990/1991.
Statistics of Japan Soccer League in season 1991/1992.
Statistics of J.
Statistics of J.
Statistics of J.
Pierre Littbarski  is a former German football player.
Masashi Nakayama  is a Japanese football player.
Patrick Mboma  is a former football player.
Statistics of J.
Statistics of J.
Statistics of J.
Statistics of J.
Statistics of J.
Cerise is a rose-red color.
Statistics of J.
Statistics of J.
Statistics of J.
Statistics of J.
Statistics of J.
Statistics of J.
Statistics of J.
Statistics of J.
Statistics of J.
J.
Statistics of J.
Statistics of J.
Statistics of J.
Statistics of J.
Statistics of J.
Statistics of J.
Statistics of J.
Statistics of J.
Statistics of J.
Statistics of J.
Statistics of J.
Statistics of Japan Soccer League in season 1965.
Statistics of Japan Soccer League in season 1966.
Statistics of Japan Soccer League in season 1967.
Statistics of Japan Soccer League in season 1968.
Statistics of Japan Soccer League in season 1969.
Statistics of Japan Soccer League in season 1970.
Statistics of Japan Soccer League in season 1971.
Statistics of Japan Soccer League in season 1972.
Statistics of Japan Soccer League in season 1973.
Statistics of Japan Soccer League in season 1974.
Statistics of Japan Soccer League in season 1975.
Statistics of Japan Soccer League in season 1976.
Statistics of Japan Soccer League in season 1977.
Statistics of Japan Soccer League in season 1978.
Statistics of Japan Soccer League in season 1979.
Statistics of Japan Soccer League in season 1980.
Statistics of Japan Soccer League in season 1981.
Statistics of Japan Soccer League in season 1982.
Statistics of Japan Soccer League in season 1983.
Statistics of Japan Soccer League in season 1984.
Statistics of Japan Soccer League in season 1985/1986.
Statistics of Japan Soccer League in season 1986/1987.
Statistics of Japan Soccer League in season 1987/1988.
Statistics of Japan Soccer League in season 1988/1989.
Statistics of Japan Soccer League in season 1989/1990.
Japan Football League is a football league in Japan.
Statistics of Japan Football League in season 1992.
Statistics of Japan Football League in season 1993.
Statistics of Japan Football League in season 1994.
Statistics of Japan Football League in season 1995.
Statistics of Japan Football League in season 1996.
Statistics of Japan Football League in season 1997.
Statistics of Japan Football League in season 1998.
Statistics of Japan Football League in season 1999.
Statistics of Japan Football League in season 2000.
Statistics of Japan Football League in season 2001.
Statistics of Japan Football League in season 2002.
Statistics of Japan Football League in season 2003.
Statistics of Japan Football League in season 2004.
Statistics of Japan Football League in season 2005.
Statistics of Japan Football League in season 2006.
Statistics of Japan Football League in season 2007.
Statistics of Japan Football League in season 2008.
Statistics of Japan Football League in season 2009.
Gamba Osaka is a football club which plays in Japan.
JEF United Ichihara Chiba is a football club which plays in Japan.
Kashima Antlers is a football club which plays in Japan.
Júbilo Iwata is a football club which plays in Japan.
Kashiwa Reysol is a football club which plays in Japan.
Cerezo Osaka is a football club which plays in Japan.
Avispa Fukuoka is a football club which plays in Japan.
Kyoto Sanga F.C.
Nagoya Grampus Eight is a football club which plays in Japan.
Sanfrecce Hiroshima is a football club which plays in Japan.
Shonan Bellmare is a football club which plays in Japan.
Consadole Sapporo is a football club which plays in Japan.
Yokohama Flügels is a former football club which has played in Japan.
F.C.
Kawasaki Frontale is a football club which plays in Japan.
Tokyo Verdy is a football club which plays in Japan.
Urawa Red Diamonds is a football club which plays in Japan.
Yokohama F.
Oita Trinita is a football club which plays in Japan.
Albirex Niigata is a football club which plays in Japan.
Yokohama F.C.
Statistics of Italian Football Championship in season 1907.
Statistics of Italian Football Championship in season 1908.
Statistics of Italian Football Championship in season 1909.
Statistics of Italian Football Championship in season 1909/1910.
Statistics of Italian Football Championship in season 1910/1911.
Statistics of Italian Football Championship in season 1911/1912.
Statistics of Italian Football Championship in season 1912/1913.
Statistics of Italian Football Championship in season 1913/1914.
Statistics of Italian Football Championship in season 1914/1915.
New Netherland  was a Dutch colony in the United States from 1614 through 1664 and from 1673 through 1674.
A workstation is a computer used for scientific or technical calculations, or purposes.
The X.Org Foundation is a group responsible for making X Window System.
Capillaritis is where the capillaries are larger than should be..
Plan 9 from Bell Labs is a distributed operating system meaning many computers could be used as a one computer.
Carnegie Hall is a concert hall in New York.
The Musikverein in Vienna, Austria is one of the most famous concert halls in the world.
The New Year Concert of the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra is a concert of classical music that takes place each year on the morning of 1 January in Vienna, Austria.
The Wrestling Classic was a World Wrestling Federation  pay-per-view  event that took place on November 7, 1985 from the Rosemont Horizon in Rosemont, Illinois.
A professional wrestling promotion  is a company or business that performs regular shows involving professional wrestling.
George Enescu  was a Romanian composer.
The Cumans were a travelling people who lived in the area along the Black Sea near the Volga River.
7035 Gomi  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 28, 1995 by K.
7032 Hitchcock  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 3, 1994 by Yoshisada Shimizu and Yoshisada Shimizu at the Nachi-Katsuura Observatory.
7030 Colombini  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 18, 1993 by Vagnozzi, A.
The Osservatorio Astrometrico Santa Lucia Stroncone  is an observatory that studies stars in the sky.
7028 Tachikawa  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 5, 1993 by M.
7027 Toshihanda  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 11, 1993 by T.
7020 Yourcenar  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 4, 1992 by E.
70179 Beppechiara  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 21, 1999 by S.
7017 Uradowan  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 1, 1992 by T.
7016 Conandoyle  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 30, 1991 by T.
German South West Africa  was a German colony in Africa from 1884 through 1915.
7015 Schopenhauer  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 16, 1990 by E.
7012 Hobbes  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 11, 1988 by E.
7011 Worley  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 21, 1987 by E.
7010 Locke  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 28, 1987 by E.
7009 Hume  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 21, 1987 by E.W.
7008 Pavlov  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 23, 1985 by N.
7007 Timjull  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 2, 1981 by S.
7006 Folco  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 2, 1981 by S.
7005 Henninghaack  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 2, 1981 by S.
7004 Markthiemens is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on July 24, 1979 by S.
70030 Margaretmiller  is a Inner Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 7, 1999 by B.
7003 Zoyamironova  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 25, 1976 by N.
7002 Bronshten  is a Mars-crossing asteroid that was found on July 26, 1971 by N.
 1953 GH is an asteroid that was found by Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth at Heidelberg on April 7, 1953.
 1936 QE1 is an asteroid that was found by Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth at Heidelberg on August 28, 1936.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on November 2, 1991.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on January 30, 1992.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on August 15, 1993.
The Ender's Game series  is a series of books written by Orson Scott Card.
is a main belt asteroid that was foudn on March 24, 2003.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on October 13, 1990.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on May 2, 1997.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.
107638 Wendyfreedman  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 15, 2001 by D.
115801 Punahou is a Main Belt asteroid that was found by the Junk Bond Observatory on October 23, 2003.
Pula  is the biggest city in Istria County, Croatia.
11580 Bautzen  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 3, 1994 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on November 18, 2003.
11592 Clintkelly  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 23, 1995 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.
11593 Uchikawa  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 20, 1995 by K.
11520 Fromm  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 8, 1991 by E.
11510 Borges  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 11, 1990 by E.
11514 Tsunenaga  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 13, 1991 by M.
11518 Jung  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 8, 1991 by E.
11504 Kazo  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 21, 1990 by T.
11492 Shimose  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 13, 1988 by K.
11494 Hibiki  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 2, 1988 by M.
11495 Fukunaga  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 3, 1988 by K.
11496 Grass  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 10, 1989 by F.
11481 Znannya  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 22, 1987 by E.
11473 Barbaresco  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 22, 1982 by E.
114649 Jeanneacker is a Main Belt asteroid that was found by Bernard Christophe on March 6, 2003.
11450 Shearer  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 22, 1979 by C.-I.
11451 Aarongolden  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 22, 1979 by C.-I.
The 1938–39 NHL season was the 22nd season of the National Hockey League .
11445 Fedotov  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 26, 1978 by L.
11446 Betankur  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 9, 1978 by L.
12022 Hilbert  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 15, 1996 by P.
Berne is a town in Albany County, New York, United States.
12032 Ivory  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 31, 1997 by P.
12033 Anselmo  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 31, 1997 by M.
12035 Ruggieri  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 1, 1997 by V.
12040 Jacobi  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 8, 1997 by P.
120405 Svyatylivka  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 24, 2005 by O.
12050 Humecronyn  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 27, 1997 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.
12061 Alena  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 21, 1998 by T.
6186 Zenon  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 11, 1988 by E.
Brown University is a private university located in Providence, Rhode Island, United States and is a member of the Ivy League.
12533 Edmond  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 2, 1998 by T.
Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey , is the largest institution for higher education in the state of New Jersey.
90713 Chajnantor  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 11, 1990 by T.
23504 Haneda  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 7, 1992 by T.
27716 Nobuyuki  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 13, 1989 by T.
27739 Kimihiro  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 17, 1990 by T.
21014 Daishi  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 13, 1988 by T.
The Southern Cassowary , also known as Double-wattled Cassowary or Two-wattled Cassowary, is a large flightless black bird with hard and stiff plumage, two dangling red wattles and a big bony lump on its head called a casque.
17508 Takumadan  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 3, 1992 by T.
10321 Rampo  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 26, 1990 by T.
52455 Masamika  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 6, 1995 by T.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on January 16, 1993.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on February 5, 1992.
The Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education  is the largest provider of higher education in Pennsylvania and a large public university system in the United States.
The Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade is a parade broadcasted on NBC every Thanksgiving.
39809 Fukuchan  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 30, 1997 by T.
7594 Shotaro  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 19, 1993 by T.
8428 Okiko  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 3, 1997 by T.
Indiana University of Pennsylvania  is a public university located in the borough of Indiana, Pennsylvania, USA, northeast of Pittsburgh.
6720 Gifu  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 11, 1990 by T.
7094 Godaisan  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 4, 1992 by T.
7235 Hitsuzan  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 30, 1986 by T.
7410 Kawazoe  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 20, 1990 by T.
7650 Kaname  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 16, 1990 by T.
10547 Yosakoi  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 2, 1992 by T.
12084 Unno  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 22, 1998 by T.
13933 Charleville  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 2, 1988 by T.
30879 Hiroshikanai  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 25, 1992 by T.
Rockville is the county seat of Montgomery County, Maryland, United States.
27740 Obatomoyuki  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 20, 1990 by T.
10078 Stanthorpe  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 30, 1989 by Tsutomu Seki at Geisei.
Montgomery County of the U.S.
10091 Bandaisan  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 11, 1990 by Tsutomu Seki at Geisei.
10094 Eijikato  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 20, 1991 by Tsutomu Seki at Geisei.
10167 Yoshiwatiso  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 31, 1995 by T.
Of a Revolution, better known as O.A.R., is an American rock band consisting of Marc Roberge , Chris Culos , Richard On , Benj Gershman , Jerry DePizzo .
The George Foreman Lean Mean Fat-Reducing Grilling Machine, commonly known as the George Foreman Grill, is an indoor, electrically-heated grill manufactured by Salton, Inc.
21022 Ike  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 2, 1989 by T.
Lava Records is an American record label that is owned by Warner Music Group.
Treacle is a type of syrup.
10300 Tanakadate  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 6, 1989 by T.
11321 Tosimatumoto  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 21, 1995 by T.
11878 Hanamiyama  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 18, 1990 by T.
13989 Murikabushi  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 16, 1993 by T.
15723 Girraween  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 20, 1990 by T.
17509 Ikumadan  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 4, 1992 by T.
18365 Shimomoto  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 17, 1990 by T.
21016 Miyazawaseiroku  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 2, 1988 by T.
21089 Mochizuki  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 8, 1992 by T.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on October 2, 1995.
12070 Kilkis  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
12111 Ulm  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 1, 1998 by E.
12113 Hollows  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 29, 1998 by J.
12127 Mamiya  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 9, 1999 by K.
12128 Palermiti  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 13, 1999 by C.
Bulgarians are a kind of Slavic people.
The leu is the money that is used in Romania.
In computer security, a mandatory access control  means a type of access control by which the operating system changes the way a "subject" (e.g.
Access control is the ability to allow or deny the use of a certain object by a certain person or entity.
Linux Security Modules  is a framework that allows the Linux kernel to support a variety of computer security models while avoiding favoritism toward any single security implementation.
The Black Swan  is a large waterbird which mostly breeds in the southeast and southwest areas of Australia.
12190 Sarkisov  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 27, 1978 by L.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on October 25, 1981.
4024 Ronan  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 24, 1981 by E.
4025 Ridley  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 24, 1981 by E.
4026 Beet  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 30, 1982 by Bowell, E.
4027 Mitton  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 21, 1982 by E.
4019 Klavetter  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 01, 1981 by S.
The Common Desktop Environment  is a desktop environment for Unix.
4018 Bratislava  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 30, 1980 by Mrkos, A.
4028 Pancratz  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 18, 1982 by L.
4029 Bridges  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 24, 1982 by Shoemaker, C.
4030 Archenhold  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 2, 1984 by H.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 2001.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 2002.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 2003.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 2004.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 2005.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 2006.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 2007.
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 2008.
Statistics of Italian Football Championship in season 1919/1920.
Statistics of Italian Football Championship in season 1920/1921.
Statistics of Italian Football Championship in season 1921/1922.
Statistics of Italian Football Championship in season 1922/1923.
Statistics of Italian Football Championship in season 1923/1924.
Statistics of Italian Football Championship in season 1924/1925.
Statistics of Italian Football Championship in season 1925/1926.
Statistics of Italian Football Championship in season 1926/1927.
Statistics of Italian Football Championship in season 1927/1928.
Statistics of Italian Football Championship in season 1928/1929.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1929/1930.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1930/1931.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1931/1932.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1932/1933.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1933/1934.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1934/1935.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1935/1936.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1936/1937.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1937/1938.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1938/1939.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1939/1940.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1940/1941.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1941/1942.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1942/1943.
Statistics of Campionato Alta Italia in season 1944.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1945/1946.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1946/1947.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1947/1948.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1948/1949.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1949/1950.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1950/1951.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1951/1952.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1952/1953.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1953/1954.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1954/1955.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1955/1956.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1956/1957.
Statistics of Serie A in season 1965/1966.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1962/1963.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1963/1964.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1964/1965.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1965/1966.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1966/1967.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1967/1968.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1968/1969.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1969/1970.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1970/1971.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1971/1972.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1972/1973.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1973/1974.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1976/1977.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1978/1979.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1979/1980.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1980/1981.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1981/1982.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1982/1983.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1983/1984.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1984/1985.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1985/1986.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1986/1987.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1987/1988.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1988/1989.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1989/1990.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1990/1991.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1991/1992.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1992/1993.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1993/1994.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1994/1995.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1995/1996.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1996/1997.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1997/1998.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1998/1999.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1999/2000.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 2000/2001.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 2001/2002.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 2002/2003.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 2003.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 2004.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 2005.
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 2006.
Statistics of FAI Premier Division in season 2007.
Statistics of FAI Premier Division in season 2008.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1969/1970.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1970/1971.
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1971/1972.
Statistics of The Football League in season 1927/1928.
Prva HNL is a football league in Croatia.
Statistics of Prva HNL in season 1992.
Statistics of Prva HNL in season 1992/1993.
Statistics of Prva HNL in season 1993/1994.
Statistics of Prva HNL in season 1994/1995.
Statistics of Prva HNL in season 1995/1996.
Statistics of Prva HNL in season 1996/1997.
Statistics of Prva HNL in season 1997/1998.
Statistics of Prva HNL in season 1998/1999.
Statistics of Prva HNL in season 1999/2000.
Statistics of Prva HNL in season 2000/2001.
Statistics of Prva HNL in season 2001/2002.
Statistics of Prva HNL in season 2002/2003.
Statistics of Prva HNL in season 2003/2004.
Statistics of Prva HNL in season 2004/2005.
Statistics of Prva HNL in season 2005/2006.
Statistics of Prva HNL in season 2006/2007.
Statistics of Prva HNL in season 2007/2008.
Statistics of Prva HNL in season 2008/2009.
A-League is a football league in Australia and New Zealand.
Statistics of A-League in season 2005/2006.
Statistics of A-League in season 2006/2007.
Statistics of A-League in season 2007/2008.
Eredivisie is a football league in Netherlands.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1956/1957.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1957/1958.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1958/1959.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1959/1960.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1960/1961.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1961/1962.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1962/1963.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1963/1964.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1964/1965.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1965/1966.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1966/1967.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1967/1968.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1968/1969.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1969/1970.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1970/1971.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1971/1972.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1972/1973.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1973/1974.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1974/1975.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1975/1976.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1976/1977.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1977/1978.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1978/1979.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1979/1980.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1980/1981.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1981/1982.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1982/1983.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1983/1984.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1984/1985.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1985/1986.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1986/1987.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1987/1988.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1988/1989.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1989/1990.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1990/1991.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1991/1992.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1992/1993.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1993/1994.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1994/1995.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1995/1996.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1996/1997.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1997/1998.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1998/1999.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1999/2000.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 2000/2001.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 2001/2002.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 2002/2003.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 2003/2004.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 2004/2005.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 2005/2006.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 2006/2007.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 2007/2008.
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 2008/2009.
North American Soccer League is former a football league in United States and Canada.
Statistics of North American Soccer League in season 1968.
Statistics of North American Soccer League in season 1969.
Statistics of North American Soccer League in season 1970.
Statistics of North American Soccer League in season 1971.
Statistics of North American Soccer League in season 1972.
Statistics of North American Soccer League in season 1973.
Statistics of North American Soccer League in season 1974.
Statistics of North American Soccer League in season 1975.
Statistics of North American Soccer League in season 1976.
Statistics of North American Soccer League in season 1977.
Statistics of North American Soccer League in season 1978.
Statistics of North American Soccer League in season 1979.
Statistics of North American Soccer League in season 1980.
Statistics of North American Soccer League in season 1981.
Statistics of North American Soccer League in season 1982.
Statistics of North American Soccer League in season 1983.
Statistics of North American Soccer League in season 1984.
Propositional logic is a formal system in mathematics and logic.
Austrian Bundesliga is a football league in Austria.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1911/1912.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1912/1913.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1913/1914.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1914/1915.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1915/1916.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1916/1917.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1917/1918.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1918/1919.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1919/1920.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1920/1921.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1921/1922.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1922/1923.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1923/1924.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1924/1925.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1925/1926.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1926/1927.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1927/1928.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1928/1929.
The BC Lions are a Canadian Football League team from Vancouver, BC.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1929/1930.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1930/1931.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1931/1932.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1932/1933.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1933/1934.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1934/1935.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1935/1936.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1936/1937.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1937/1938.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1938/1939.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1939/1940.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1940/1941.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1941/1942.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1942/1943.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1943/1944.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1944/1945.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1945/1946.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1946/1947.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1947/1948.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1948/1949.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1949/1950.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1950/1951.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1951/1952.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1952/1953.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1953/1954.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1954/1955.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1955/1956.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1956/1957.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1957/1958.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1958/1959.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1959/1960.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1960/1961.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1961/1962.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1962/1963.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1963/1964.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1964/1965.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1965/1966.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1966/1967.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1967/1968.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1968/1969.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1969/1970.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1970/1971.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1971/1972.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1972/1973.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1973/1974.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1974/1975.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1975/1976.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1976/1977.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1977/1978.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1978/1979.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1979/1980.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1980/1981.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1981/1982.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1982/1983.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1983/1984.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1984/1985.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1985/1986.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1986/1987.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1987/1988.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1988/1989.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1989/1990.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1990/1991.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1991/1992.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1992/1993.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1993/1994.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1994/1995.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1995/1996.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1996/1997.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1997/1998.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1998/1999.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1999/2000.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 2000/2001.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 2001/2002.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 2002/2003.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 2003/2004.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 2004/2005.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 2005/2006.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 2006/2007.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 2007/2008.
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 2008/2009.
The Transmission Control Protocol  is one of the main protocols of the Internet Protocol Suite.
A monologue is a long, uninterrupted speech or poem by one person.
Ann Dunham Soetoro  was an American anthropologist.
The Canadian Albums Chart is the official album sales chart in Canada.
Wendy's is an international chain of fast food restaurants founded by Dave Thomas on November 15, 1969 in Columbus, Ohio.
The Megamouth shark is a large, slow-swimming, timid shark that was only discovered in 1976.
100029 Varnhagen is an asteroid that was found by Freimut Börngen and Lutz D.
Toothpaste is a liquific substance, applied to the bristles of a toothbrush in order to aid oneself with the act of toothbrushing.
100033 Taizé is a Main Belt asteroid that was found by Freimut Börngen on April 9, 1990.
100047 Leobaeck is a Main Belt asteroid that was found by Freimut Börngen and Lutz D.
12002 Suess  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 19, 1996 by P.
12003 Hideosugai  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1996 by T.
120040 Pagliarini  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 24, 2003 by A.
12007 Fermat  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 11, 1996 by P.
Karl Goldmark  was a Hungarian composer.
12008 Kandrup  is a Mars-crossing asteroid that was found on October 11, 1996 by T.
12016 Green  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 1, 1996 by P.
120174 Jeffjenny  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 23, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
11998 Fermilab  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 12, 1996 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.
11997 Fassel  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 18, 1995 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.
11987 Yonematsu  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 15, 1995 by K.
11981 Boncompagni  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on 20 October 1995 at Osservatorio San Vittore.
11980 Ellis  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 17, 1995 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.
11978 Makotomasako  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 20, 1995 by K.
11521 Erikson  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 10, 1991 by E.
11524 Pleyel  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 2, 1991 by E.
11528 Mie  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 3, 1991 by Y.
11530 d'Indy  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 2, 1992 by E.
115312 Whither  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 19, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
115326 Wehinger  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 29, 2003 by D.
11537 Guericke  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 29, 1992 by F.
115477 Brantanica  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 19, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
11545 Hashimoto  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 26, 1992 by K.
11547 Griesser  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 31, 1992 by F.
11552 Boucolion  is a Jupiter Trojan that was found on January 27, 1993 by E.
Ferruccio Busoni  was an Italian composer, pianist, teacher and conductor.
In biology, a system is a group of organs that work together for a similar goal.
11554 Asios  is a Jupiter Trojan that was found on January 22, 1993 by E.
BBC Radio 7  is a British digital radio station including comedy, drama, and children's programming nationally 24 hours a day.
13001 Woodney  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 2, 1981 by B.
1301 Yvonne  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 07, 1934 by L.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on January 14, 1994.
14016 Steller  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 16, 1994 by E.
14024 Procol Harum  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 9, 1994 by P.
 1949 QL is an asteroid that was found by Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth at Heidelberg on August 21, 1949.
10778 Marcks  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 9, 1991 by F.
10671 Mazurova  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 11, 1977 by N.
10672 Kostyukova  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 31, 1978 by N.
Before the discovery of America, certain foods were not known to the Afro-Eurasian diet.
10675 Kharlamov  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 1, 1978 by L.
107074 Ansonsylva is a Main Belt asteroid that was found by Near Earth Asteroid Tracking on January 4, 2001.
Chinese herbs do not grow in China only.
10676 Jamesmcdanell  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 25, 1979 by E.
 1953 GN is an asteroid that was found by Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth at Heidelberg on April 7, 1953.
25142 Hopf is an asteroid that was found by Paul G.
10004 Igormakarov  is a Main-belt Asteroid discovered on November 2, 1975 by T.
10008 Raisanyo  is a Main-belt Asteroid discovered on February 18, 1977 by H.
154660 Kavelaars  is a Inner Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 29, 2004 by David D.
157194 Saddlemyer  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 21, 2004 by David D.
157640 Baumeler  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 1, 2006 by Peter Kocher at the Observatory Naef Ependes.
157421 Carolpercy  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 8, 2004 by T.
157473 Emuno  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 23, 2005 by Juan Lacruz at Observatorio de La Cañada.
17023 Abbott  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 7, 1999 by J.
17024 Costello  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 15, 1999 by J.
17000 Medvedev  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 10, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
17002 Kouzel  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 10, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
17004 Sinkevich  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 12, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
17019 Aldo  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 23, 1999 by M.
17025 Pilachowski  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 13, 1999 by R.
17029 Cuillandre  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 17, 1999 by the OCA-DLR Asteroid Survey at Caussols.
King's Peak is a mountain that can be found on Vancouver Island in British Columbia, CAN.
Mount Overill is a volcanic mount that can be found in the southwestern part of British Columbia in Canada.
Béhasque-Lapiste is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Aast, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Abidos, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Abitain is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Abos, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Abère is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Accous is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Agnos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Ahaxe-Alciette-Bascassan is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Ahetze is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Aincille is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Ainharp is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Ainhice-Mongelos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Ainhoa, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Aldudes is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Alos-Sibas-Abense is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Alçay-Alçabéhéty-Sunharette is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Amendeuix-Oneix is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Amorots-Succos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Ance is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Andoins is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Andrein is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Angaïs is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Anglet is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Angous is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Anhaux is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Anos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Anoye is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Aramits is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Arancou is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Araujuzon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Araux is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Arbonne is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Arbouet-Sussaute is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Arbus, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Arbérats-Sillègue is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Arcangues is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Aren is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Aressy is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Arette is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Argagnon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Argelos, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Arget is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Arhansus is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Armendarits is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Arnos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Arnéguy is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Aroue-Ithorots-Olhaïby is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Arrast-Larrebieu is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Arraute-Charritte is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Arricau-Bordes is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Arrien is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Arros-de-Nay is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Arrosès is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Arthez-d'Asson is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Arthez-de-Béarn is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Artigueloutan is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Artiguelouve is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Artix, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Arudy is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Arzacq-Arraziguet is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Asasp-Arros is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Ascain is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Ascarat is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Assat is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Asson is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Aste-Béon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Astis is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Athos-Aspis is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Aubertin is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Aubin, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Aubous is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Audaux is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Auga is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Auriac, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Aurions-Idernes is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Aussevielle is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Aussurucq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Auterrive is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Autevielle-Saint-Martin-Bideren is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Aydie is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Aydius is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Ayherre is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Aïcirits-Camou-Suhast is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Baigts-de-Béarn is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Balansun is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Baleix is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Baliracq-Maumusson is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Baliros is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Banca, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Barcus is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bardos, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Barinque is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Barraute-Camu is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Barzun, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bassillon-Vauzé is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bassussarry is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bastanès is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Baudreix is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bayonne is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bedous is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bellocq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bentayou-Sérée is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bergouey-Viellenave is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bernadets is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Berrogain-Laruns is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bescat is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Beuste is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Beyrie-en-Béarn is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Beyrie-sur-Joyeuse is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Biarritz is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bidache is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bidarray is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bidart is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bidos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bielle is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bilhères is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Billère is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Biriatou is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Biron, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bizanos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Boeil-Bezing is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bonloc is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bonnut is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Borce is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bordes, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bordères is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bosdarros is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Boucau is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Boueilh-Boueilho-Lasque is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bougarber is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bouillon, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Boumourt is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bourdettes is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bournos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Briscous is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bruges-Capbis-Mifaget is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bugnein is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bunus is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Burgaronne is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Buros is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Burosse-Mendousse is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bussunarits-Sarrasquette is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bustince-Iriberry is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Buziet is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Buzy, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bédeille, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Béguios is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Béhorléguy is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bénéjacq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Béost is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bérenx is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bésingrand is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Bétracq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Cabidos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Cadillon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Cambo-les-Bains is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Came, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Camou-Cihigue is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Cardesse is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Carresse-Cassaber is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Carrère is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Castagnède, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Casteide-Cami is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Casteide-Candau is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Casteide-Doat is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Castet is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Castetbon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Castetnau-Camblong is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Castetner is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Castetpugon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Castillon  is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Castillon  is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Castéra-Loubix is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Castétis is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Caubios-Loos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Cescau, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Cette-Eygun is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Charre is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Charritte-de-Bas is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Chéraute is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Ciboure is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Claracq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Coarraze is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Conchez-de-Béarn is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Corbère-Abères is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Coslédaà-Lube-Boast is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Coublucq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Crouseilles is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Cuqueron is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Denguin is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Diusse is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Doazon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Dognen is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Domezain-Berraute is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Doumy is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Eaux-Bonnes is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Escos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Escot is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Escou is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Escoubès is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Escout is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Escurès is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Eslourenties-Daban is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Espelette is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Espiute is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Espoey is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Espès-Undurein is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Espéchède is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Esquiule is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Estialescq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Estos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Estérençuby is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Etcharry is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Etchebar is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Etsaut is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Eysus is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Fichous-Riumayou is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Féas is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Gabaston is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Gabat is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Gamarthe is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Gan, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Garindein is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Garlin is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Garlède-Mondebat is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Garos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Garris is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Gayon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Gelos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Ger, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Gerderest is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Gestas, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Geüs-d'Oloron is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Gomer, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Gotein-Libarrenx is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Goès is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Guiche, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Guinarthe-Parenties is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Gurmençon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Gurs is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Guéthary is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Gère-Bélesten is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Géronce is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Géus-d'Arzacq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Hagetaubin is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Halsou is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Hasparren is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Haut-de-Bosdarros is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Haux, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Hendaye is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Herrère is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Higuères-Souye is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Hosta, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Hours, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Hélette is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Ibarrolle is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Idaux-Mendy is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Idron is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Igon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Iholdy is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Ilharre is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Irissarry is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Irouléguy is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Ispoure is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Issor is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Isturits is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Itxassou is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Izeste is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Jasses is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Jatxou is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Jaxu is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Jurançon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Juxue is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
L'Hôpital-Saint-Blaise is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
L'Hôpital-d'Orion is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
La Bastide-Clairence is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Labastide-Cézéracq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Labastide-Monréjeau is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Labastide-Villefranche is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Labatmale is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Labatut, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Labets-Biscay is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Labeyrie, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lacadée is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lacarre is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lacarry-Arhan-Charritte-de-Haut is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lacommande is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lacq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lagor is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lagos, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Laguinge-Restoue is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lahonce is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lahontan, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lahourcade is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lalongue is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lalonquette is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lamayou is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lanne-en-Barétous is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lannecaube is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lanneplaà is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lantabat is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Larceveau-Arros-Cibits is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Laroin is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Larrau is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Larressore is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Larreule, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Larribar-Sorhapuru is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Laruns is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lasclaveries is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lasse, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lasserre, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lasseube is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lasseubetat is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lay-Lamidou is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Laà-Mondrans is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Laàs is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lecumberry is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Ledeuix is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lembeye is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lescar is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lescun is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lespielle is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lespourcy is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lestelle-Bétharram is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lichans-Sunhar is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lichos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Licq-Athérey is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Limendous is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Livron is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lohitzun-Oyhercq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lombia is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lons is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lonçon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Loubieng is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Louhossoa is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lourdios-Ichère is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lourenties is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Louvie-Juzon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Louvie-Soubiron is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Louvigny, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Luc-Armau is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lucarré is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lucgarier is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lucq-de-Béarn is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lurbe-Saint-Christau is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lussagnet-Lusson is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Luxe-Sumberraute is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lys, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lème is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lée is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Lées-Athas is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Léren is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Macaye is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Malaussanne is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Mascaraàs-Haron is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Maslacq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Masparraute is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Maspie-Lalonquère-Juillacq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Maucor is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Mauléon-Licharre is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Maure, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Mazerolles, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Mazères-Lezons is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Meillon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Mendionde is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Menditte is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Mendive is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Mesplède is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Mialos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Miossens-Lanusse is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Mirepeix is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Momas is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Momy is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Monassut-Audiracq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Moncaup, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Moncayolle-Larrory-Mendibieu is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Moncla is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Monein is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Monpezat is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Monségur, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Mont, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Mont-Disse is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Montagut, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Montaner is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Montardon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Montaut, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Montfort, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Montory is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Morlanne is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Morlaàs is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Mouguerre is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Mouhous is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Moumour is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Mourenx is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Musculdy is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Méharin is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Méracq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Méritein is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Nabas, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Narcastet is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Narp is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Navailles-Angos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Navarrenx is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Nay, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Noguères is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Nousty is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Ogenne-Camptort is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Ogeu-les-Bains is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Oloron-Sainte-Marie is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Oraàs is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Ordiarp is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Orin, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Orion, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Orriule is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Orsanco is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Orthez is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Orègue is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Os-Marsillon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Ossas-Suhare is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Osse-en-Aspe is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Ossenx is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Osserain-Rivareyte is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Ossès is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Ostabat-Asme is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Ouillon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Ousse is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Ozenx-Montestrucq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Pagolle is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Parbayse is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Pardies is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Pardies-Piétat is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Pau, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Peyrelongue-Abos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Piets-Plasence-Moustrou is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Poey-d'Oloron is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Poey-de-Lescar is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Pomps is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Ponson-Debat-Pouts is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Ponson-Dessus is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Pontacq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Pontiacq-Viellepinte is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Portet is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Pouliacq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Poursiugues-Boucoue is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Préchacq-Josbaig is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Préchacq-Navarrenx is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Précilhon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Puyoô is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Ramous is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Ribarrouy is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Riupeyrous is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Rivehaute is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Rontignon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Roquiague is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Rébénacq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Saint-Abit is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Saint-Armou is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Saint-Boès is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Saint-Castin is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Saint-Dos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Saint-Esteben is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Saint-Faust is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Saint-Girons-en-Béarn is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Saint-Gladie-Arrive-Munein is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Saint-Goin is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Saint-Jammes is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Saint-Jean-Pied-de-Port is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Saint-Jean-Poudge is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Saint-Jean-de-Luz is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Saint-Jean-le-Vieux, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Saint-Just-Ibarre is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Saint-Laurent-Bretagne is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Saint-Martin-d'Arberoue is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Saint-Martin-d'Arrossa is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Saint-Michel, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Saint-Médard, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Saint-Palais, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Saint-Pierre-d'Irube is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Saint-Pé-de-Léren is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Saint-Pée-sur-Nivelle is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Saint-Vincent, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Saint-Étienne-de-Baïgorry is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Sainte-Colome is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Sainte-Engrâce is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Salies-de-Béarn is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Salles-Mongiscard is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Sallespisse is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Sames, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Samsons-Lion is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Sare is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Sarpourenx is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Sarrance is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Saubole is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Saucède is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Sauguis-Saint-Étienne is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Sault-de-Navailles is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Sauvagnon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Sauvelade is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Sauveterre-de-Béarn is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Sedze-Maubecq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Sedzère is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Sendets, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Serres-Castet is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Serres-Morlaàs is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Serres-Sainte-Marie is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Simacourbe is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Siros, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Soumoulou is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Souraïde is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Suhescun is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Sus, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Susmiou is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Séby is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Séméacq-Blachon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Sévignacq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Sévignacq-Meyracq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Tabaille-Usquain is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Tadousse-Ussau is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Tardets-Sorholus is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Taron-Sadirac-Viellenave is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Tarsacq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Thèze, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Trois-Villes is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Uhart-Cize is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Uhart-Mixe is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Urcuit is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Urdos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Urdès is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Urepel is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Urost is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Urrugne is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Urt is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Ustaritz is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Uzan, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Uzein is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Uzos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Verdets is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Vialer is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Viellenave-d'Arthez is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Viellenave-de-Navarrenx is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Vielleségure is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Vignes, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Villefranque, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Viodos-Abense-de-Bas is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Viven is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
Çaro, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.
A Rocket Engine is a device that produces a force by pushing gases at high speed out of a nozzle.
The Penny Black was the world's first adhesive postage stamp.
The Penny Red was a postage stamp issued in 1841 to replace the Penny Black.
The line of succession to the British throne is the order in which members of the royal family would come to the throne if the reigning king or queen died.
The Two Penny Blue  was the world’s second official adhesive postage stamp.
The Penny Lilac was a postage stamp in Great Britain.
WrestleMania 2000 was the sixteenth yearly WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view produced by the World Wrestling Federation .
Lucas Sang  was a Kenyan runner who raced at the Olympic Games in 1988.
Fiesole is a town in Tuscany, near Florence.
Mugello is a landscape north of Florence in northern Italy.
Friars are special monks that do a service to a community and that lead a simple life, rather than living like ascets in a monastery.
The Order of the Brothers of Our Lady of Mount Carmel or Carmelites  is a Roman Catholic religious order.
Samael   is an archangel in Talmudic and post-Talmudic beliefs and stories, as well as Christian tradition and demonology.
"Orvieto is a city in Umbria, Today, about 21.000 people live there.
The Basilica di Santa Croce  is the main Franciscan church in Florence, Italy.
"Piper's Pit" is a very popular interview segment on "Raw" that is usually hosted by "Rowdy" Roddy Piper.
"Halo" is a song by American Contemporary R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles.
This is the history of World Wrestling Entertainment .
Ian Gillan is the lead singer for the heavy metal band Deep Purple.
The Ottawa River is a river in Ontario and Quebec, Canada.
A dandy is a man who shows off by dressing very elegantly and fashionably.
Robert Costanza  is an American ecological economist and the Gund Professor of Ecological economics and Director of the Gund Institute for Ecological Economics at the University of Vermont.
In medieval history, Ifriqiya or Ifriqiyah  was the area of the coastal regions of what are today western Libya, Tunisia, and eastern Algeria.
In Ancient Rome, a province (Latin, "provincia", pl.
Bring Me the Horizon are a British band of genre deathcore, from Sheffield, Yorkshire, England.
The Roman province of Africa was established after the Romans defeated Carthage in the Third Punic War.
The Third Punic War  was the third and last of the Punic Wars It was fought between the former Phoenician colony of Carthage, and the Roman Republic.
The Punic Wars were a series of three wars fought between Rome and Carthage between 264 and 146 BC, and were probably the largest wars yet of the ancient world.
Scoobert "Scooby"-Doo is the main character in the long running series scooby doo.
The ECW World Heavyweight Championship, is the most important Championship in the ECW.
Notts County Football Club is a football club in Nottingham, England, and the oldest of all the clubs that are now professional.
La Paz is the largest and capital city of the state of Baja California Sur, Mexico.
The Gringo Gazette is a newspaper in English-language founded by Carrie Duncan, published every other week for the americans expatriate communities in Baja California and Baja California Sur, Mexico.
2 Girls 1 Cup is a copy of the trailer for "Hungry Bitches", a pornographic film made by MFX-Media.
WWE No Way Out is a yearly pay-per-view made by World Wrestling Entertainment .
Ansonia, Connecticut is a city of Connecticut in the United States.
Bridgeport, Connecticut is a city of Connecticut in the United States.
Bristol, Connecticut is a city of Connecticut in the United States.
Danbury, Connecticut is a city of Connecticut in the United States.
Derby, Connecticut is a city of Connecticut in the United States.
Groton , Connecticut is a city of Connecticut in the United States.
Meriden, Connecticut is a city of Connecticut in the United States.
Middletown, Connecticut is a city of Connecticut in the United States.
Milford, Connecticut is a city of Connecticut in the United States.
New Britain, Connecticut is a city of Connecticut in the United States.
New London, Connecticut is a city of Connecticut in the United States.
Norwalk, Connecticut is a city of Connecticut in the United States.
Norwich, Connecticut is a city of Connecticut in the United States.
Shelton, Connecticut is a city of Connecticut in the United States.
Stamford, Connecticut is a city of Connecticut in the United States.
Torrington, Connecticut is a city of Connecticut in the United States.
West Haven, Connecticut is a city of Connecticut in the United States.
Winsted, Connecticut is a city of Connecticut in the United States.
Delaware City, Delaware is a city of Delaware in the United States.
Harrington, Delaware is a city of Delaware in the United States.
Lewes, Delaware is a city of Delaware in the United States.
Milford, Delaware is a city of Delaware in the United States.
New Castle, Delaware is a city of Delaware in the United States.
Newark, Delaware is a city of Delaware in the United States.
Rehoboth Beach, Delaware is a city of Delaware in the United States.
Seaford, Delaware is a city of Delaware in the United States.
Certain operating systems use paging to get virtual memory.
Alachua, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Altamonte Springs, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Anna Maria, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Apalachicola, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Apopka, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Arcadia, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Archer, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Atlantis, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
A page cache or "disk cache is a buffer of pages certain operating systems keep in memory.
Auburndale, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Avon Park, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Bartow, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Bay Lake, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Belle Glade, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
The Yellow-banded poison dart frog , "Dendrobates leucomelas", is a poison dart frog found in the northern part of South America in Venezuela, Guyana and Brazil.
Belle Isle, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Belleair Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Belleair Bluffs, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Belleview, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Blountstown, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Boca Raton, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Bonifay, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Bonita Springs, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Bowling Green, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Boynton Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
The User Datagram Protocol  is one of the core members of the Internet Protocol Suite, the set of network protocols used for the Internet.
Bradenton, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Bradenton Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Bristol, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Brooksville, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Bunnell, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Bushnell, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Callaway, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Cape Canaveral, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Cape Coral, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Carrabelle, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Casselberry, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Cedar Key, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Center Hill, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Chattahoochee, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Chiefland, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Chipley, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Clermont, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Clewiston, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Cocoa, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Coconut Creek, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Coleman, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Cooper City, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Coral Gables, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Crescent City, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Crestview, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Crystal River, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Cutler Bay, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Dade City, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Dania Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Davenport, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Daytona Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Daytona Beach Shores, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
DeBary, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
DeFuniak Springs, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
DeLand, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Deerfield Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Delray Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Deltona, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Destin, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Doral, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Dunedin, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Dunnellon, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Eagle Lake, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Edgewater, Volusia County, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Edgewood, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Englewood, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Everglades, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Fanning Springs, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Fellsmere, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Fernandina Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Flagler Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Florida City, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Fort Lauderdale, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Fort Meade, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Fort Myers, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Fort Pierce, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Freeport, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Frostproof, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
A cache can be used to improve the performance of accessing a given resource.
Fruitland Park, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Graceville, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Green Cove Springs, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Greenacres, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Gretna, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Groveland, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Gulf Breeze, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Gulfport, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Hampton, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Hawthorne, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Hialeah, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Hialeah Gardens, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
High Springs, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Holly Hill, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Holmes Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Homestead, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Barry James Marshall, AC FRS FAA  is an Australian doctor and winner of the 2005 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.
Diglossia is when a group of people use one language or dialect when at home, but a different one when talking to others.
Mutual intelligibility is where the speakers of one language can understand another language because they are similar.
Indian Harbour Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Indian Rocks Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Inverness, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Islandia, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Jacksonville Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Jacob City, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Jasper, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Key Colony Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Keystone Heights, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Kissimmee, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
La Belle, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Lake Alfred, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Lake Buena Vista, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Lake Butler, Union County, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Lake City, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Lake Helen, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Lake Mary, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Lake Wales, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Lake Worth, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Lakeland, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Largo, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Lauderdale Lakes, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Lauderhill, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Laurel Hill, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Lawtey, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Layton, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Leesburg, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Lighthouse Point, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Live Oak, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Longwood, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Lynn Haven, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Macclenny, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Madeira Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Madison, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Maitland, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Marathon, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Marco Island, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Margate, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Marianna, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Mary Esther, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Mascotte, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Melbourne, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Mexico Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Miami Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Miami Gardens, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Miami Springs, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Midway is a city of Florida in the United States.
Milton, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Minneola, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Miramar, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Monticello, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Moore Haven, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Mount Dora, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Mulberry, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Naples, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Neptune Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
New Port Richey, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
New Smyrna Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Newberry, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Niceville, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
North Bay Village, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
North Lauderdale, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
North Miami, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
North Miami Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
North Port, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Oak Hill, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Oakland, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Oakland Park, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Ocala, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Ocoee, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Okeechobee, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Oldsmar, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Opa-locka, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Orange City, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Ormond Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Osteen, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Oviedo, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Pahokee, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Palatka, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Palm Bay, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Palm Beach Gardens, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Palm Coast, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Palmetto, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Panama City, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Panama City Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Parker, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Parkland, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Pembroke Pines, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Pensacola, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Perry, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Pinellas Park, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Plant City, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Plantation, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Pompano Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Port Orange, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Port Richey, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Port St.
Port St.
Punta Gorda, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Quincy, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Riviera Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Rockledge, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Safety Harbor, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
San Antonio, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Sanford, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Sanibel, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Satellite Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Sebastian, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Sebring, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Seminole is a city of Florida in the United States.
Sopchoppy, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
South Bay, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
South Daytona, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
South Miami, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
South Pasadena, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Springfield, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
St.
St.
St.
St.
Starke, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Sunny Isles Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Sunrise, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Sweetwater, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Tamarac, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Tarpon Springs, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Tavares, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Temple Terrace, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Titusville, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Treasure Island, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Trenton, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Umatilla, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Valparaiso, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Venice, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Vernon, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Vero Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Waldo, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Wauchula, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Webster, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Weeki Wachee, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
West Melbourne, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
West Miami, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
West Palm Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
West Park, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Weston, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Wewahitchka, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Wildwood, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Williston, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Wilton Manors, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Winter Garden, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Winter Haven is a city of Florida in the United States.
Winter Park, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
Zephyrhills, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.
George Edward Foreman  is an American two-time World Heavyweight Boxing Champion and entrepreneur.
SIMATIC is the name of an automation system which was developed by the German company Siemens.
A Lect is a variety of a language.
In linguistics, a Register is where a person talks differently to different people.
In linguistics, a Stratum or Strate is a language that changes another, or is changed by another.
Language transfer is where a person uses their knowledge of one language when they learn another one.
False friends are two words in different languages or lects that look the same, or similar, but have different meanings.
Code-switching is where a person mixes more than one language or lect when they talk.
Multialphabetism is where a mix of more than one alphabet is used.
Japanese uses the Roman alphabet as well as Kanji, Hiragana, and Katana.
Language attrition is where someone forgets all or part of a language.
Language death is where a language or lect stops being used as a main language.
A Modern language is a language which is spoken today.
FreeOTFE is a free, open source, computer program used to automatically encrypt and decrypt information stored on a hard disk.
A Natural language is a language which is not articifial.
Windows Mobile is a compact operating system combined with a suite of basic applications for mobile devices It is designed to be somewhat similar to desktop versions of Microsoft Windows .
An A priori language is a constructed language that made up new words, and did not use words from other languages.
A Shoot is something in professional wrestling that is completely real and is not scripted.
A Proto-World langage is a possible Proto-language that all other languages came from.
Biofuels – liquid fuels from plant materials – are entering the market, driven by factors such as oil price spikes and the need for increased energy security.
The Montreal Screwjob is the real-life screwjob of then WWF superstar Brett Hart.
Animism is a belief common in many different religions and philosophies.
A Proto-language is a language that all languages in a language family came from.
WrestleMania X-Seven was the seventeenth yearly WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view made by the World Wrestling Federation .
Central Florida is the central region of the United States state of Florida, on the East Coast.
Emil Adolf von Behring  was a German doctor.
Ronald Ross  was an English doctor.
Niels Ryberg Finsen  was an Danish doctor.
Robert Koch  was a German doctor.
Kanata is a large suburban area in the western part of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, it has a population of 90,000 and is growing very fast.
Camillo Golgi  was an Italian doctor.
Santiago Ramón y Cajal  was a Spanish doctor.
Robert James "Rab" Douglas is a footballer currently playing at Dundee F.C.; .
Charles Louis Alphonse Laveran  was a French doctor.
Galliformes are an order of birds containing turkeys, grouse, chickens, quails, and pheasants.
The Phasianidae is a family of birds which consists of the pheasants and patridges, and including junglefowl .
This is the complete discography of the Canadian Punk rock band Sum 41.
Ilya Ilyich Mechnikov  was a Russian biologist.
Paul Ehrlich  is an German doctor.
Aberdeen, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Acequia, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Albion, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
American Falls, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Ammon, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Arco, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Arimo, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Ashton, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Athol, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Atomic City, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Bancroft, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Basalt, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Bellevue, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Blackfoot, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Bliss, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Bloomington, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Bonners Ferry, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Bovill, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Bruneau, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Buhl, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Burley, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Butte City, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Caldwell, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Cambridge, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Carey, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Cascade, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Castleford, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Challis, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Chubbuck, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Clark Fork, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Clarkia, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Clayton, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Clifton, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Coeur d'Alene, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Cottonwood, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Council, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Craigmont, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Crouch, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Culdesac, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Dalton Gardens, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Dayton, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Deary, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Declo, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Dietrich, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Donnelly, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Dover, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Downey, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Driggs, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Drummond, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Dubois, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Eagle, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
East Hope, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Eden, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Elk River, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Emmett, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Fairfield, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Ferdinand, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Fernan Lake Village, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Fernwood, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Filer, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Firth, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Franklin, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Fruitland, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Garden City, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Genesee, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Georgetown, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Glenns Ferry, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Gooding, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Grace, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Grand View, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Grangeville, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Greenleaf, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Hagerman, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Hailey, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Hamer, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Hansen, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Harrison, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Hauser, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Hayden Lake, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Hayden is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Hazelton, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Heyburn, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Hollister, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Homedale, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Hope, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Horseshoe Bend, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
The order Ciconiiformes has included a variety of large, long-legged wading birds with large bills: storks, herons, egrets, ibises, spoonbills, and several others.
The Incarnation is the Christian belief that Jesus Christ is the God of Israel in a human body.
Emil Theodor Kocher  was a Swiss doctor.
Albrecht Kossel  was a German doctor.
Royal Museum is a museum located on Chambers Street, Edinburgh, UK.
Allvar Gullstrand  was a Swedish opthalmologist .
North Bay is a city in Nipissing District, Ontario, Canada.
Nipissing District is a district of Ontario, Canada.
Alexis Carrel  was a French surgeon.
Charles Robert Richet  was a French physiologist.
Robert Bárány  was an Austrian doctor.
Francisco Gómez de Quevedo y Santibáñez Villegas  was a nobleman, politician and writer of the Spanish Golden Age.
Jules Bordet  was a Belgian doctor.
SecurDisc is a hard- and software based security technology for CD’s/DVD’s, which was developed by Hitachi-LG Data Storage and Nero AG.
The Eureka Stockade is the name given to a rebellion by gold miners at Ballarat, Victoria, Australia.
Eddie Vedder is an American singer.
The Paradise Crow  is a medium-sized  crow-like bird of paradise with all-dark, soft and silky plumage.
"Nevi'im"  is the second chapter in the Hebrew Bible, the Tanakh.
The Manucodia is a genus of the bird of paradise that has five medium-sized members.
The Glossy-mantled Manucode  is a medium-sized bird of paradise, around 42cm long, glossed green, blue and purple black with a red iris, black bill, long tail and somewhat elongated upper breast and neck feathers.
The Crinkle-collared Manucode  is a medium-sized bird of paradise, that grows up to 36cm long.
The Jobi Manucode  is a medium-sized bird of paradise, that grows up to 34cm long.
Yapen  is an island of western New Guinea, Indonesia.
The San Diego Zoo in Balboa Park, San Diego, California is one of the largest zoos in the world with over 4,000 animals of more than 800 species.
René Primevère Lesson  was a French surgeon and naturalist.
Katara is a fictional character in Nickelodeon's animated television series '.
The Curl-crested Manucode  is a large bird of paradise, about 43cm long, with glossy purple, black and green plumage, red iris and crinkled yellowish-green upper breast and neck feathers.
The Trumpet Manucode  is a medium-sized bird of paradise about 31cm long with an long horn-like head tufts and loose neck feathers.
The Superb Bird of Paradise  is a small passerine, about 26cm long.
Azula is a fictional character in Nickelodeon's animated television series '.
The Twelve-wired Bird of Paradise  is a medium-sized bird of paradise about 33cm-long with velvet black and yellow color.
Sokka is a fictional character in Nickelodeon's animated television series '.
Toph Bei Fong is a fictional character in Nickelodeon's animated television series '.
Zuko is a fictional character in Nickelodeon's animated television series '.
Iroh is a fictional character in Nickelodeon's animated television series '.
There are 816 communes in the Aisne "département" in France.
Structural Engineering is the design of buildings and other structures  from a mathematical point of view.
Abbécourt is a commune.
Achery, Aisne is a commune.
Acy is a commune.
Agnicourt-et-Séchelles is a commune.
Aguilcourt is a commune.
Aisonville-et-Bernoville is a commune.
Aizelles is a commune.
Aizy-Jouy is a commune.
Alaincourt, Aisne is a commune.
Allemant, Aisne is a commune.
Ambleny is a commune.
Ambrief is a commune.
Amifontaine is a commune.
Amigny-Rouy is a commune.
Ancienville is a commune.
Andelain is a commune.
Anguilcourt-le-Sart is a commune.
Anizy-le-Château is a commune.
Annois is a commune.
Any-Martin-Rieux is a commune.
Archon, Aisne is a commune.
Arcy-Sainte-Restitue is a commune.
Armentières-sur-Ourcq is a commune.
Arrancy is a commune.
Artemps is a commune.
Artonges is a commune.
Assis-sur-Serre is a commune.
Athies-sous-Laon is a commune.
Attilly is a commune.
Aubencheul-aux-Bois is a commune.
Aubenton is a commune.
Aubigny-aux-Kaisnes is a commune.
Aubigny-en-Laonnois is a commune.
Audignicourt is a commune.
Audigny is a commune.
Augy, Aisne is a commune.
Aulnois-sous-Laon is a commune.
Autremencourt is a commune.
Autreppes is a commune.
Autreville, Aisne is a commune.
Azy-sur-Marne is a commune.
Bagneux, Aisne is a commune.
Bancigny is a commune.
Barenton-Bugny is a commune.
Barenton-Cel is a commune.
Barenton-sur-Serre is a commune.
Barisis is a commune.
Barzy-en-Thiérache is a commune.
Barzy-sur-Marne is a commune.
Bassoles-Aulers is a commune.
Baulne-en-Brie is a commune.
Bazoches-sur-Vesles is a commune.
Beaumont-en-Beine is a commune.
Beaumé is a commune.
Beaurevoir is a commune.
Beaurieux, Aisne is a commune.
Beautor is a commune.
Beauvois-en-Vermandois is a commune.
Becquigny, Aisne is a commune.
Belleau, Aisne is a commune.
Bellenglise is a commune.
Belleu is a commune.
Bellicourt is a commune.
Benay is a commune.
Bergues-sur-Sambre is a commune.
Berlancourt, Aisne is a commune.
Berlise is a commune.
Bernot is a commune.
Berny-Rivière is a commune.
Berrieux is a commune.
Berry-au-Bac is a commune.
Bertaucourt-Epourdon is a commune.
Berthenicourt is a commune.
Bertricourt is a commune.
Berzy-le-Sec is a commune.
Besmont is a commune.
Besmé is a commune.
Besny-et-Loizy is a commune.
Beugneux is a commune.
Beuvardes is a commune.
Bichancourt is a commune.
Bieuxy is a commune.
Billy-sur-Aisne is a commune.
Billy-sur-Ourcq is a commune.
Bièvres, Aisne is a commune.
Blanzy-lès-Fismes is a commune.
Blesmes is a commune.
Blérancourt is a commune.
Bohain-en-Vermandois is a commune.
Bois-lès-Pargny is a commune.
Boncourt, Aisne is a commune.
Bonneil is a commune.
Bonnesvalyn is a commune.
Bony, Aisne is a commune.
Bosmont-sur-Serre is a commune.
Bouconville-Vauclair is a commune.
Bouffignereux is a commune.
Bouresches is a commune.
Bourg-et-Comin is a commune.
Bourguignon-sous-Coucy is a commune.
Bourguignon-sous-Montbavin is a commune.
Boué is a commune.
Braine, Aisne is a commune.
Brancourt-en-Laonnois is a commune.
Brancourt-le-Grand is a commune.
Brasles is a commune.
Bray-Saint-Christophe is a commune.
Braye, Aisne is a commune.
Braye-en-Laonnois is a commune.
Braye-en-Thiérache is a commune.
Brenelle is a commune.
Breny is a commune.
Brie, Aisne is a commune.
Brissay-Choigny is a commune.
Brissy-Hamégicourt is a commune.
Brumetz is a commune.
Brunehamel is a commune.
Bruys is a commune.
Bruyères-et-Montbérault is a commune.
Bruyères-sur-Fère is a commune.
Brécy, Aisne is a commune.
Bucilly is a commune.
Bucy-le-Long is a commune.
Bucy-lès-Cerny is a commune.
Bucy-lès-Pierrepont is a commune.
Buire is a commune.
Buironfosse is a commune.
Burelles is a commune.
Bussiares is a commune.
Buzancy, Aisne is a commune.
Béthancourt-en-Vaux is a commune.
Bézu-Saint-Germain is a commune.
Bézu-le-Guéry is a commune.
Caillouël-Crépigny is a commune.
Camelin is a commune.
Castres, Aisne is a commune.
Caulaincourt, Aisne is a commune.
Caumont, Aisne is a commune.
Celles-lès-Condé is a commune.
Celles-sur-Aisne is a commune.
Cerizy is a commune.
Cerny-en-Laonnois is a commune.
Cerny-lès-Bucy is a commune.
Cerseuil is a commune.
Cessières is a commune.
Chacrise is a commune.
Chaillevois is a commune.
Chalandry is a commune.
Chambry, Aisne is a commune.
Chamouille is a commune.
Champs, Aisne is a commune.
Chaourse is a commune.
Charly-sur-Marne is a commune.
Charmes, Aisne is a commune.
Chartèves is a commune.
Chassemy is a commune.
Chaudardes is a commune.
Chaudun is a commune.
Chauny is a commune.
Chavignon is a commune.
Chavigny, Aisne is a commune.
Chavonne is a commune.
Chermizy-Ailles is a commune.
Chevennes is a commune.
Chevregny is a commune.
Chevresis-Monceau is a commune.
Chierry is a commune.
Chigny, Aisne is a commune.
Chivres-Val is a commune.
Chivres-en-Laonnois is a commune.
Chivy-lès-Étouvelles is a commune.
Chouy is a commune.
Château-Thierry is a commune.
Châtillon-lès-Sons is a commune.
Châtillon-sur-Oise is a commune.
Chéry-Chartreuve is a commune.
Chéry-lès-Pouilly is a commune.
Chéry-lès-Rozoy is a commune.
Chérêt is a commune.
Chézy-en-Orxois is a commune.
Chézy-sur-Marne is a commune.
Cierges is a commune.
Cilly, Aisne is a commune.
Ciry-Salsogne is a commune.
Clacy-et-Thierret is a commune.
Clairfontaine is a commune.
Clamecy, Aisne is a commune.
Clastres is a commune.
Clermont-les-Fermes is a commune.
Coincy, Aisne is a commune.
Coingt is a commune.
Colligis-Crandelain is a commune.
Colonfay is a commune.
Commenchon is a commune.
Concevreux is a commune.
Condren is a commune.
Condé-en-Brie is a commune.
Condé-sur-Aisne is a commune.
Condé-sur-Suippe is a commune.
Connigis is a commune.
Contescourt is a commune.
Corbeny is a commune.
Corcy is a commune.
Coucy-la-Ville is a commune.
Coucy-le-Château-Auffrique is a commune.
Coucy-lès-Eppes is a commune.
Coulonges-Cohan is a commune.
Coupru is a commune.
Courbes is a commune.
Courboin is a commune.
Courcelles-sur-Vesles is a commune.
Courchamps, Aisne is a commune.
Courmelles is a commune.
Courmont, Aisne is a commune.
Courtemont-Varennes is a commune.
Courtrizy-et-Fussigny is a commune.
Couvrelles is a commune.
Couvron-et-Aumencourt is a commune.
Coyolles is a commune.
Cramaille is a commune.
Craonne is a commune.
Craonnelle is a commune.
Croix-Fonsommes is a commune.
Crouttes-sur-Marne is a commune.
Crouy is a commune.
Crupilly is a commune.
Crécy-au-Mont is a commune.
Crécy-sur-Serre is a commune.
Crépy, Aisne is a commune.
Crézancy is a commune.
Cuffies is a commune.
Cugny is a commune.
Cuirieux is a commune.
Cuiry-Housse is a commune.
Cuiry-lès-Chaudardes is a commune.
Cuiry-lès-Iviers is a commune.
Cuissy-et-Geny is a commune.
Cuisy-en-Almont is a commune.
Cutry, Aisne is a commune.
Cys-la-Commune is a commune.
Cœuvres-et-Valsery is a commune.
Dagny-Lambercy is a commune.
Dallon is a commune.
Dammard is a commune.
Dampleux is a commune.
Danizy is a commune.
Dercy is a commune.
Deuillet is a commune.
Dhuizel is a commune.
Dizy-le-Gros is a commune.
Dohis is a commune.
Dolignon is a commune.
Dommiers is a commune.
Domptin is a commune.
Dorengt is a commune.
Douchy, Aisne is a commune.
Dravegny is a commune.
Droizy is a commune.
Dury, Aisne is a commune.
Effry is a commune.
Englancourt is a commune.
Eppes, Aisne is a commune.
Erlon is a commune.
Erloy is a commune.
Esquéhéries is a commune.
Essigny-le-Grand is a commune.
Essigny-le-Petit is a commune.
Essises is a commune.
Essômes-sur-Marne is a commune.
Estrées, Aisne is a commune.
Faucoucourt is a commune.
Faverolles is a commune.
Fayet, Aisne is a commune.
Fesmy-le-Sart is a commune.
Festieux is a commune.
Fieulaine is a commune.
Filain, Aisne is a commune.
Flavigny-le-Grand-et-Beaurain is a commune.
Flavy-le-Martel is a commune.
Fleury, Aisne is a commune.
Fluquières is a commune.
Folembray is a commune.
Fonsommes is a commune.
Fontaine-Notre-Dame, Aisne is a commune.
Fontaine-Uterte is a commune.
Fontaine-lès-Clercs is a commune.
Fontaine-lès-Vervins is a commune.
Fontenelle is a commune.
Fontenelle-en-Brie is a commune.
Fontenoy, Aisne is a commune.
Foreste is a commune.
Fossoy is a commune.
Fourdrain is a commune.
Francilly-Selency is a commune.
Franqueville, Aisne is a commune.
Fresnes, Aisne is a commune.
Fresnes-en-Tardenois is a commune.
Fresnoy-le-Grand is a commune.
Fressancourt is a commune.
Frières-Faillouël is a commune.
Froidestrées is a commune.
Froidmont-Cohartille is a commune.
Fère-en-Tardenois is a commune.
Gandelu is a commune.
Gauchy is a commune.
Gercy is a commune.
Gergny is a commune.
Germaine, Aisne is a commune.
Gernicourt is a commune.
Gibercourt is a commune.
Gizy is a commune.
Gland, Aisne is a commune.
Glennes is a commune.
Goudelancourt-lès-Berrieux is a commune.
Goudelancourt-lès-Pierrepont is a commune.
Goussancourt is a commune.
Gouy, Aisne is a commune.
Grand-Rozoy is a commune.
Grand-Verly is a commune.
Grandlup-et-Fay is a commune.
Grandrieux is a commune.
Gricourt is a commune.
Grisolles, Aisne is a commune.
Gronard is a commune.
Grougis is a commune.
Grugies is a commune.
Guignicourt is a commune.
Guise is a commune.
Guivry is a commune.
Guny is a commune.
Guyencourt is a commune.
Hannapes is a commune.
Happencourt is a commune.
Haramont is a commune.
Harcigny is a commune.
Hargicourt, Aisne is a commune.
Harly is a commune.
Hartennes-et-Taux is a commune.
Hary is a commune.
Hautevesnes is a commune.
Hauteville, Aisne is a commune.
Haution is a commune.
Hinacourt is a commune.
Hirson is a commune.
Holnon is a commune.
Homblières is a commune.
Houry is a commune.
Housset is a commune.
Iron, Aisne is a commune.
Itancourt is a commune.
Iviers is a commune.
Jaulgonne is a commune.
Jeancourt is a commune.
Jeantes is a commune.
Joncourt is a commune.
Jouaignes is a commune.
Jumencourt is a commune.
Jumigny is a commune.
Jussy, Aisne is a commune.
Juvigny, Aisne is a commune.
Juvincourt-et-Damary is a commune.
L'Épine-aux-Bois is a commune.
La Bouteille is a commune.
La Capelle is a commune.
La Celle-sous-Montmirail is a commune.
La Chapelle-Monthodon is a commune.
La Chapelle-sur-Chézy is a commune.
La Croix-sur-Ourcq is a commune.
La Ferté-Chevresis is a commune.
La Ferté-Milon is a commune.
La Flamengrie, Aisne is a commune.
La Fère is a commune.
La Hérie is a commune.
La Malmaison is a commune.
La Neuville-Bosmont is a commune.
La Neuville-Housset is a commune.
La Neuville-en-Beine is a commune.
La Neuville-lès-Dorengt is a commune.
La Selve, Aisne is a commune.
La Vallée-Mulâtre is a commune.
La Vallée-au-Blé is a commune.
La Ville-aux-Bois-lès-Dizy is a commune.
La Ville-aux-Bois-lès-Pontavert is a commune.
Laffaux is a commune.
Laigny is a commune.
Lanchy is a commune.
Landifay-et-Bertaignemont is a commune.
Landouzy-la-Cour is a commune.
Landouzy-la-Ville is a commune.
Landricourt, Aisne is a commune.
Laniscourt is a commune.
Laon is a commune.
Lappion is a commune.
Largny-sur-Automne is a commune.
Latilly is a commune.
Launoy, Aisne is a commune.
Laval-en-Laonnois is a commune.
Lavaqueresse is a commune.
Laversine is a commune.
Le Catelet is a commune.
Le Charmel is a commune.
Le Hérie-la-Viéville is a commune.
Le Nouvion-en-Thiérache is a commune.
Le Plessier-Huleu is a commune.
Le Sourd is a commune.
Le Thuel is a commune.
Le Verguier is a commune.
Lehaucourt is a commune.
Lempire is a commune.
Lemé is a commune.
Lerzy is a commune.
Les Autels is a commune.
Leschelles is a commune.
Lesdins is a commune.
Lesges is a commune.
Lesquielles-Saint-Germain is a commune.
Leuilly-sous-Coucy is a commune.
Leury is a commune.
Leuze, Aisne is a commune.
Levergies is a commune.
Lhuys is a commune.
Licy-Clignon is a commune.
Lierval is a commune.
Liesse-Notre-Dame is a commune.
Liez, Aisne is a commune.
Limé is a commune.
Lislet is a commune.
Lizy is a commune.
Logny-lès-Aubenton is a commune.
Longpont is a commune.
Longueval-Barbonval is a commune.
Lor is a commune.
Loupeigne is a commune.
Louâtre is a commune.
Lucy-le-Bocage is a commune.
Lugny, Aisne is a commune.
Luzoir is a commune.
Ly-Fontaine is a commune.
Maast-et-Violaine is a commune.
Macogny is a commune.
Macquigny is a commune.
Magny-la-Fosse is a commune.
Maissemy is a commune.
Maizy is a commune.
Malzy is a commune.
Manicamp is a commune.
Marchais, Aisne is a commune.
Marchais-en-Brie is a commune.
Marcy, Aisne is a commune.
Marcy-sous-Marle is a commune.
Marest-Dampcourt is a commune.
Mareuil-en-Dôle is a commune.
Marfontaine is a commune.
Margival is a commune.
Marigny-en-Orxois is a commune.
Marizy-Saint-Mard is a commune.
Marizy-Sainte-Geneviève is a commune.
Marle, Aisne is a commune.
Marly-Gomont is a commune.
Martigny, Aisne is a commune.
Martigny-Courpierre is a commune.
Mauregny-en-Haye is a commune.
Mayot is a commune.
Mennessis is a commune.
Menneville, Aisne is a commune.
Mennevret is a commune.
Mercin-et-Vaux is a commune.
Merlieux-et-Fouquerolles is a commune.
Merval is a commune.
Mesbrecourt-Richecourt is a commune.
Mesnil-Saint-Laurent is a commune.
Meurival is a commune.
Missy-aux-Bois is a commune.
Missy-lès-Pierrepont is a commune.
Missy-sur-Aisne is a commune.
Molain, Aisne is a commune.
Molinchart is a commune.
Monampteuil is a commune.
Monceau-le-Neuf-et-Faucouzy is a commune.
Monceau-le-Waast is a commune.
Monceau-lès-Leups is a commune.
Monceau-sur-Oise is a commune.
Mondrepuis is a commune.
Monnes is a commune.
Mons-en-Laonnois is a commune.
Mont-Notre-Dame is a commune.
Mont-Saint-Jean, Aisne is a commune.
Mont-Saint-Martin, Aisne is a commune.
Mont-Saint-Père is a commune.
Mont-d'Origny is a commune.
Montaigu, Aisne is a commune.
Montbavin is a commune.
Montbrehain is a commune.
Montchâlons is a commune.
Montcornet, Aisne is a commune.
Montescourt-Lizerolles is a commune.
Montfaucon, Aisne is a commune.
Montgobert is a commune.
Montgru-Saint-Hilaire is a commune.
Monthenault is a commune.
Monthiers is a commune.
Monthurel is a commune.
Montigny-Lengrain is a commune.
Montigny-en-Arrouaise is a commune.
Montigny-l'Allier is a commune.
Montigny-le-Franc is a commune.
Montigny-lès-Condé is a commune.
Montigny-sous-Marle is a commune.
Montigny-sur-Crécy is a commune.
Montlevon is a commune.
Montloué is a commune.
Montreuil-aux-Lions is a commune.
Morcourt, Aisne is a commune.
Morgny-en-Thiérache is a commune.
Morsain is a commune.
Mortefontaine, Aisne is a commune.
Mortiers, Aisne is a commune.
Moulins, Aisne is a commune.
Moussy-Verneuil is a commune.
Moÿ-de-l'Aisne is a commune.
Muret-et-Crouttes is a commune.
Muscourt is a commune.
Mâchecourt is a commune.
Mézières-sur-Oise is a commune.
Mézy-Moulins is a commune.
Nampcelles-la-Cour is a commune.
Nampteuil-sous-Muret is a commune.
Nanteuil-Notre-Dame is a commune.
Nanteuil-la-Fosse is a commune.
Nauroy is a commune.
Nesles-la-Montagne is a commune.
Neufchâtel-sur-Aisne is a commune.
Neuflieux is a commune.
Neuilly-Saint-Front is a commune.
Neuve-Maison is a commune.
Neuville-Saint-Amand is a commune.
Neuville-sur-Ailette is a commune.
Neuville-sur-Margival is a commune.
Neuvillette, Aisne is a commune.
Nizy-le-Comte is a commune.
Nogent-l'Artaud is a commune.
Nogentel is a commune.
Noircourt is a commune.
Noroy-sur-Ourcq is a commune.
Nouvion-et-Catillon is a commune.
Nouvion-le-Comte is a commune.
Nouvion-le-Vineux is a commune.
Nouvron-Vingré is a commune.
Noyales is a commune.
Noyant-et-Aconin is a commune.
Ognes, Aisne is a commune.
Ohis is a commune.
Oigny-en-Valois is a commune.
Oisy, Aisne is a commune.
Ollezy is a commune.
Omissy is a commune.
Orainville is a commune.
Orgeval, Aisne is a commune.
Origny-Sainte-Benoite is a commune.
Origny-en-Thiérache is a commune.
Osly-Courtil is a commune.
Ostel is a commune.
Oulches-la-Vallée-Foulon is a commune.
Oulchy-la-Ville is a commune.
Oulchy-le-Château is a commune.
Paars is a commune.
Paissy is a commune.
Pancy-Courtecon is a commune.
Papleux is a commune.
Parcy-et-Tigny is a commune.
Parfondeval, Aisne is a commune.
Parfondru is a commune.
Pargnan is a commune.
Pargny-Filain is a commune.
Pargny-la-Dhuys is a commune.
Pargny-les-Bois is a commune.
Parpeville is a commune.
Pasly is a commune.
Passy-en-Valois is a commune.
Passy-sur-Marne is a commune.
Pavant is a commune.
Perles, Aisne is a commune.
Pernant is a commune.
Petit-Verly is a commune.
Pierremande is a commune.
Pierrepont, Aisne is a commune.
Pignicourt is a commune.
Pinon, Aisne is a commune.
Pithon is a commune.
Pleine-Selve, Aisne is a commune.
Ploisy is a commune.
Plomion is a commune.
Ployart-et-Vaurseine is a commune.
Pommiers, Aisne is a commune.
Pont-Arcy is a commune.
Pont-Saint-Mard is a commune.
Pontavert is a commune.
A phantasmal poison frog  is a species of poison dart frog.
Pontru is a commune.
Pontruet is a commune.
Pouilly-sur-Serre is a commune.
Presles-et-Boves is a commune.
Presles-et-Thierny is a commune.
Priez is a commune.
Prisces is a commune.
Proisy is a commune.
Proix is a commune.
Prouvais is a commune.
Proviseux-et-Plesnoy is a commune.
Prémont is a commune.
Prémontré is a commune.
Puiseux-en-Retz is a commune.
Puisieux-et-Clanlieu is a commune.
Quierzy is a commune.
Quincy-Basse is a commune.
Quincy-sous-le-Mont is a commune.
Raillimont is a commune.
Ramicourt is a commune.
Regny is a commune.
Remaucourt, Aisne is a commune.
Remies is a commune.
Remigny, Aisne is a commune.
Renansart is a commune.
Renneval is a commune.
Ressons-le-Long is a commune.
Retheuil is a commune.
Reuilly-Sauvigny is a commune.
Ribeauville is a commune.
Ribemont is a commune.
Rocourt-Saint-Martin is a commune.
Rocquigny, Aisne is a commune.
Rogny is a commune.
Rogécourt is a commune.
Romeny-sur-Marne is a commune.
Romery, Aisne is a commune.
Ronchères, Aisne is a commune.
Roucy is a commune.
Rougeries is a commune.
Roupy is a commune.
Rouvroy, Aisne is a commune.
Rouvroy-sur-Serre is a commune.
Royaucourt-et-Chailvet is a commune.
Rozet-Saint-Albin is a commune.
Rozières-sur-Crise is a commune.
Rozoy-Bellevalle is a commune.
Rozoy-sur-Serre is a commune.
Résigny is a commune.
Révillon is a commune.
Saconin-et-Breuil is a commune.
Sains-Richaumont is a commune.
Saint-Agnan, Aisne is a commune.
Saint-Algis is a commune.
Saint-Aubin, Aisne is a commune.
Saint-Bandry is a commune.
Saint-Christophe-à-Berry is a commune.
Saint-Clément, Aisne is a commune.
Saint-Erme-Outre-et-Ramecourt is a commune.
Saint-Eugène, Aisne is a commune.
Saint-Gengoulph is a commune.
Saint-Gobain, Aisne is a commune.
Saint-Gobert is a commune.
Saint-Mard, Aisne is a commune.
Saint-Martin-Rivière is a commune.
Saint-Michel, Aisne is a commune.
Saint-Nicolas-aux-Bois is a commune.
Saint-Paul-aux-Bois is a commune.
Saint-Pierre-Aigle is a commune.
Saint-Pierre-lès-Franqueville is a commune.
Saint-Pierremont, Aisne is a commune.
Saint-Quentin, Aisne is a commune.
Saint-Rémy-Blanzy is a commune.
Saint-Simon, Aisne is a commune.
Saint-Thibaut is a commune.
Saint-Thomas, Aisne is a commune.
Sainte-Croix, Aisne is a commune.
Sainte-Geneviève, Aisne is a commune.
Sainte-Preuve is a commune.
Samoussy is a commune.
Sancy-les-Cheminots is a commune.
Saponay is a commune.
Saulchery is a commune.
Savy is a commune.
Seboncourt is a commune.
Selens is a commune.
Septmonts is a commune.
Septvaux is a commune.
Sequehart is a commune.
Serain is a commune.
Seraucourt-le-Grand is a commune.
Serches is a commune.
Sergy, Aisne is a commune.
Seringes-et-Nesles is a commune.
Sermoise is a commune.
Servais is a commune.
Serval, Aisne is a commune.
Silly-la-Poterie is a commune.
Sinceny is a commune.
Sissonne is a commune.
Sissy, Aisne is a commune.
Soissons is a commune.
Soize is a commune.
Sommelans is a commune.
Sommeron is a commune.
Sommette-Eaucourt is a commune.
Sons-et-Ronchères is a commune.
Sorbais is a commune.
Soucy, Aisne is a commune.
Soupir is a commune.
Surfontaine is a commune.
Suzy, Aisne is a commune.
Séry-lès-Mézières is a commune.
Taillefontaine is a commune.
Tannières is a commune.
Tartiers is a commune.
Tavaux-et-Pontséricourt is a commune.
Tergnier is a commune.
Terny-Sorny is a commune.
Thenailles is a commune.
Thenelles is a commune.
Thiernu is a commune.
Torcy-en-Valois is a commune.
Toulis-et-Attencourt is a commune.
Travecy is a commune.
Trefcon is a commune.
Trosly-Loire is a commune.
Troësnes is a commune.
Trucy is a commune.
Trélou-sur-Marne is a commune.
Tugny-et-Pont is a commune.
Tupigny is a commune.
Ugny-le-Gay is a commune.
Urcel is a commune.
Urvillers is a commune.
Vadencourt, Aisne is a commune.
Vailly-sur-Aisne is a commune.
Variscourt is a commune.
Vassens is a commune.
Vasseny is a commune.
Vassogne is a commune.
Vaucelles-et-Beffecourt is a commune.
Vaudesson is a commune.
Vaux-Andigny is a commune.
Vaux-en-Vermandois is a commune.
Vauxaillon is a commune.
Vauxbuin is a commune.
Vauxcéré is a commune.
Vauxrezis is a commune.
Vauxtin is a commune.
Vendelles is a commune.
Vendeuil is a commune.
Vendhuile is a commune.
Vendières is a commune.
Vendresse-Beaulne is a commune.
Venizel is a commune.
Verdilly is a commune.
Vermand is a commune.
Verneuil-sous-Coucy is a commune.
Verneuil-sur-Serre is a commune.
Versigny, Aisne is a commune.
Vervins is a commune.
Vesles-et-Caumont is a commune.
Veslud is a commune.
Veuilly-la-Poterie is a commune.
Vic-sur-Aisne is a commune.
Vichel-Nanteuil is a commune.
Viel-Arcy is a commune.
Viels-Maisons is a commune.
Vierzy is a commune.
Viffort is a commune.
Vigneux-Hocquet is a commune.
Ville-Savoye is a commune.
Villemontoire is a commune.
Villeneuve-Saint-Germain is a commune.
Villeneuve-sur-Fère is a commune.
Villequier-Aumont is a commune.
Villeret, Aisne is a commune.
Villers-Agron-Aiguizy is a commune.
Villers-Cotterêts is a commune.
Villers-Hélon is a commune.
Villers-Saint-Christophe is a commune.
Villers-en-Prayères is a commune.
Villers-le-Sec, Aisne is a commune.
Villers-lès-Guise is a commune.
Villers-sur-Fère is a commune.
Villiers-Saint-Denis is a commune.
Vincy-Reuil-et-Magny is a commune.
Viry-Noureuil is a commune.
Vivaise is a commune.
Vivières is a commune.
Voharies is a commune.
Vorges is a commune.
Voulpaix is a commune.
Voyenne is a commune.
Vregny is a commune.
Vuillery is a commune.
Vénérolles is a commune.
Vézaponin is a commune.
Vézilly is a commune.
Wassigny is a commune.
Watigny is a commune.
Wimy is a commune.
Wissignicourt is a commune.
Wiège-Faty is a commune.
Ébouleau is a commune.
Épagny, Aisne is a commune.
Éparcy is a commune.
Épaux-Bézu is a commune.
Épieds, Aisne is a commune.
Étampes-sur-Marne is a commune.
Étaves-et-Bocquiaux is a commune.
Étouvelles is a commune.
Étreillers is a commune.
Étreux is a commune.
Étréaupont is a commune.
Étrépilly, Aisne is a commune.
Évergnicourt is a commune.
Œuilly, Aisne is a commune.
Leeds railway station or Leeds City Station is one of the largest railway stations in the United Kingdom.
There are 894 communes in the Pas-de-Calais "département", in France.
Huetter, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Idaho City, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Idaho Falls, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Inkom, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Iona, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Irwin, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Island Park, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Jerome, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Juliaetta, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Kamiah, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Kellogg, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Kendrick, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Ketchum, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Kimberly, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Kooskia, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Kootenai, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Kuna, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Lapwai, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Lava Hot Springs, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Leadore, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Lewiston, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Lewisville, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Mackay, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Malad City, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Malta, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Marsing, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
McCall, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
McCammon, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Melba, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Menan, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Meridian, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Middleton, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Midvale, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Minidoka, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Montpelier, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Moore, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Moscow, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Mountain Home, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Moyie Springs, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Mud Lake, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Ablain-Saint-Nazaire is a commune.
Mullan, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Murtaugh, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Nampa, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
New Meadows, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
New Plymouth, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Newdale, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Nezperce, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Notus, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Oakley, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Oldtown, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Ablainzevelle is a commune.
Acheville is a commune.
Achicourt is a commune.
Onaway, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Achiet-le-Grand is a commune.
Orofino, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Achiet-le-Petit is a commune.
Acq is a commune.
Osburn, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Acquin-Westbécourt is a commune.
Oxford, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Adinfer is a commune.
Affringues is a commune.
Agnez-lès-Duisans is a commune.
Agnières is a commune.
Agny is a commune.
Aire-sur-la-Lys is a commune.
Airon-Notre-Dame is a commune.
Paris, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Airon-Saint-Vaast is a commune.
Aix-Noulette is a commune.
Parker, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Seacroft is a large council estate in Leeds, West Yorkshire, UK.
Aix-en-Ergny is a commune.
Aix-en-Issart is a commune.
Alembon is a commune.
Alette is a commune.
Alincthun is a commune.
Allouagne is a commune.
Alquines is a commune.
Ambleteuse is a commune.
Ambricourt is a commune.
Ambrines is a commune.
Ames, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Amettes is a commune.
Amplier is a commune.
Andres, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Angres is a commune.
Annay, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Annequin is a commune.
Annezin is a commune.
Anvin is a commune.
Anzin-Saint-Aubin is a commune.
Ardres is a commune.
Arleux-en-Gohelle is a commune.
Arques, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Arras is a commune.
Athies, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Attin is a commune.
Lemmings are small rodents, usually found in or near the Arctic, in tundra biomes.
Aubigny-en-Artois is a commune.
Aubin-Saint-Vaast is a commune.
Aubrometz is a commune.
Auchel is a commune.
Auchy-au-Bois is a commune.
Auchy-les-Mines is a commune.
Auchy-lès-Hesdin is a commune.
Audembert is a commune.
Parma, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Audincthun is a commune.
Audinghen is a commune.
Paul, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Audrehem is a commune.
Payette, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Audresselles is a commune.
Peck, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Audruicq is a commune.
Aumerval is a commune.
Pierce, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Autingues is a commune.
Pinehurst, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Auxi-le-Château is a commune.
Averdoingt is a commune.
Placerville, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Avesnes is a commune.
Plummer, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Avesnes-le-Comte is a commune.
Pocatello, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Avesnes-lès-Bapaume is a commune.
Avion, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Avondance is a commune.
Avroult is a commune.
Ayette is a commune.
Azincourt is a commune.
Bailleul-Sir-Berthoult is a commune.
Bailleul-aux-Cornailles is a commune.
Ponderay, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Bailleul-lès-Pernes is a commune.
Bailleulmont is a commune.
Bailleulval is a commune.
Baincthun is a commune.
Bainghen is a commune.
Bajus, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Post Falls, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Balinghem is a commune.
Potlatch, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Bancourt is a commune.
Preston, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Bapaume is a commune.
Priest River, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Baralle is a commune.
Rathdrum, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Barastre is a commune.
Barlin is a commune.
Reubens, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Barly, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Rexburg, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Basseux is a commune.
Bavincourt is a commune.
Richfield, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Bayenghem-lès-Seninghem is a commune.
Bayenghem-lès-Éperlecques is a commune.
Bazinghen is a commune.
Beaudricourt is a commune.
Beaufort-Blavincourt is a commune.
Beaulencourt is a commune.
Beaumerie-Saint-Martin is a commune.
Rigby, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Beaumetz-lès-Aire is a commune.
Riggins, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Beaumetz-lès-Cambrai is a commune.
Ririe, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Beaumetz-lès-Loges is a commune.
Roberts, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Beaurains is a commune.
Rockland, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Beaurainville is a commune.
Rupert, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Beauvoir-Wavans is a commune.
Beauvois, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Salmon, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Belle-et-Houllefort is a commune.
Sandpoint, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Shelley, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Bellebrune is a commune.
Shoshone, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Bellonne is a commune.
Smelterville, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Berck is a commune.
Bergueneuse is a commune.
Berlencourt-le-Cauroy is a commune.
Soda Springs, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Berles-Monchel is a commune.
Berles-au-Bois is a commune.
Spencer, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Bermicourt is a commune.
Berneville is a commune.
Spirit Lake, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Bernieulles is a commune.
Bertincourt is a commune.
St.
Beugin is a commune.
Beugny is a commune.
St.
Beugnâtre is a commune.
St.
Beussent is a commune.
Stanley, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Beutin is a commune.
Star, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Beuvrequen is a commune.
Beuvry is a commune.
Bezinghem is a commune.
Biache-Saint-Vaast is a commune.
State Line, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Biefvillers-lès-Bapaume is a commune.
Stites, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Bienvillers-au-Bois is a commune.
Bihucourt is a commune.
Sugar City, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Billy-Berclau is a commune.
Sun Valley, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Billy-Montigny is a commune.
Bimont is a commune.
Blairville is a commune.
Swan Valley, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Blangerval-Blangermont is a commune.
Tensed, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Blangy-sur-Ternoise is a commune.
Teton, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Blendecques is a commune.
Blessy, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Tetonia, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Blingel is a commune.
Bléquin is a commune.
Troy, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Boffles is a commune.
Boiry-Becquerelle is a commune.
Twin Falls, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Boiry-Notre-Dame is a commune.
Ucon, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Boiry-Saint-Martin is a commune.
Victor, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Boiry-Sainte-Rictrude is a commune.
Wallace, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Bois-Bernard is a commune.
Boisdinghem is a commune.
Boisjean is a commune.
Boisleux-Saint-Marc is a commune.
Boisleux-au-Mont is a commune.
Bomy is a commune.
Bonningues-lès-Ardres is a commune.
Bonningues-lès-Calais is a commune.
Diet is a word people use when they talk about eating food.
Bonnières, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Boubers-lès-Hesmond is a commune.
Boubers-sur-Canche is a commune.
Bouin-Plumoison is a commune.
Boulogne-sur-Mer is a commune.
Bouquehault is a commune.
Bourecq is a commune.
Bouret-sur-Canche is a commune.
Bourlon is a commune.
Bournonville, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Bours, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Boursin is a commune.
Bourthes is a commune.
Bouvelinghem is a commune.
Bouvigny-Boyeffles is a commune.
Boyaval is a commune.
Boyelles is a commune.
Wardner, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Brebières is a commune.
Warm River, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Brias is a commune.
Weippe, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Brimeux is a commune.
Weiser, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Bruay-la-Buissière is a commune.
Brunembert is a commune.
Brévillers, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Wendell, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Bréxent-Énocq is a commune.
Brêmes is a commune.
Bucquoy is a commune.
Buire-au-Bois is a commune.
Buire-le-Sec is a commune.
Buissy is a commune.
Bullecourt is a commune.
Bully-les-Mines is a commune.
Buneville is a commune.
Weston, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Burbure is a commune.
Bus, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
White Bird, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Busnes is a commune.
Wilder, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Béalencourt is a commune.
Winchester, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Bécourt is a commune.
Worley, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.
Béhagnies is a commune.
Bénifontaine is a commune.
Béthonsart is a commune.
Béthune is a commune.
Caffiers is a commune.
Cagnicourt is a commune.
Calonne-Ricouart is a commune.
Calonne-sur-la-Lys is a commune.
Camblain-Châtelain is a commune.
Camblain-l'Abbé is a commune.
Cambligneul is a commune.
Cambrin is a commune.
Camiers is a commune.
Campagne-lès-Boulonnais is a commune.
Campagne-lès-Guines is a commune.
Campagne-lès-Hesdin is a commune.
Campagne-lès-Wardrecques is a commune.
Campigneulles-les-Grandes is a commune.
Campigneulles-les-Petites is a commune.
Canettemont is a commune.
Canlers is a commune.
Canteleux is a commune.
Capelle-Fermont is a commune.
Capelle-lès-Hesdin is a commune.
Carency is a commune.
Carly, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Carvin is a commune.
Cauchy-à-la-Tour is a commune.
Caucourt is a commune.
Caumont, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Cavron-Saint-Martin is a commune.
Chelers is a commune.
Chocques is a commune.
Chériennes is a commune.
Chérisy is a commune.
Clairmarais is a commune.
Clarques is a commune.
Clenleu is a commune.
Clerques is a commune.
Cléty is a commune.
Colembert is a commune.
Colline-Beaumont is a commune.
Conchil-le-Temple is a commune.
Conchy-sur-Canche is a commune.
Condette is a commune.
Contes, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Conteville-en-Ternois is a commune.
Conteville-lès-Boulogne is a commune.
Coquelles is a commune.
Corbehem is a commune.
Cormont is a commune.
Couin is a commune.
Coullemont is a commune.
Coulogne is a commune.
Coulomby is a commune.
Coupelle-Neuve is a commune.
Coupelle-Vieille is a commune.
Courcelles-le-Comte is a commune.
Courcelles-lès-Lens is a commune.
Courrières is a commune.
Courset is a commune.
Couturelle is a commune.
Coyecques is a commune.
Croisette, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Croisilles, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Croix-en-Ternois is a commune.
Crémarest is a commune.
Crépy, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Créquy is a commune.
Cucq is a commune.
Cuinchy is a commune.
Dainville is a commune.
Dannes is a commune.
Delettes is a commune.
Denier, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Dennebrœucq is a commune.
Desvres is a commune.
Divion is a commune.
Diéval is a commune.
Dohem is a commune.
Douchy-lès-Ayette is a commune.
Doudeauville, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Dourges is a commune.
Douriez is a commune.
Douvrin is a commune.
Drocourt, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Drouvin-le-Marais is a commune.
Duisans is a commune.
Dury, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Echinghen is a commune.
Ecquedecques is a commune.
Ecques is a commune.
Elnes is a commune.
Embry, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Enguinegatte is a commune.
Enquin-les-Mines is a commune.
Enquin-sur-Baillons is a commune.
Eps, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Ergny is a commune.
Erny-Saint-Julien is a commune.
Ervillers is a commune.
Escalles is a commune.
Escœuilles is a commune.
Esquerdes is a commune.
Essars is a commune.
Estevelles is a commune.
Estrée is a commune.
Estrée-Blanche is a commune.
Estrée-Cauchy is a commune.
Estrée-Wamin is a commune.
Estréelles is a commune.
Famechon, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Fampoux is a commune.
Farbus is a commune.
Fauquembergues is a commune.
Favreuil is a commune.
Febvin-Palfart is a commune.
Ferfay is a commune.
Ferques is a commune.
Festubert is a commune.
Feuchy is a commune.
Ficheux is a commune.
Fiefs, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Fiennes, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Fillièvres is a commune.
Flers, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Fleurbaix is a commune.
Fleury, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Floringhem is a commune.
Fléchin is a commune.
Foncquevillers is a commune.
Fontaine-l'Étalon is a commune.
Fontaine-lès-Boulans is a commune.
Fontaine-lès-Croisilles is a commune.
Fontaine-lès-Hermans is a commune.
Fortel-en-Artois is a commune.
Fosseux is a commune.
Foufflin-Ricametz is a commune.
Fouquereuil is a commune.
Fouquières-lès-Béthune is a commune.
Fouquières-lès-Lens is a commune.
Framecourt is a commune.
Frencq is a commune.
Fresnes-lès-Montauban is a commune.
Fresnicourt-le-Dolmen is a commune.
Fresnoy is a commune.
Fresnoy-en-Gohelle is a commune.
Fressin is a commune.
Fruges is a commune.
Frémicourt is a commune.
Fréthun is a commune.
Frévent is a commune.
Frévillers is a commune.
Frévin-Capelle is a commune.
Galametz is a commune.
Gauchin-Légal is a commune.
Gauchin-Verloingt is a commune.
Gaudiempré is a commune.
Gavrelle is a commune.
Gennes-Ivergny is a commune.
Givenchy-en-Gohelle is a commune.
Givenchy-le-Noble is a commune.
Givenchy-lès-la-Bassée is a commune.
Gomiécourt is a commune.
Gommecourt, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Gonnehem is a commune.
Gosnay is a commune.
Gouves is a commune.
Gouy-Saint-André is a commune.
Gouy-Servins is a commune.
Gouy-en-Artois is a commune.
Gouy-en-Ternois is a commune.
Gouy-sous-Bellonne is a commune.
Graincourt-lès-Havrincourt is a commune.
Grand-Rullecourt is a commune.
Grenay, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Grigny, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Grincourt-lès-Pas is a commune.
Groffliers is a commune.
Grévillers is a commune.
Guarbecque is a commune.
Guemps is a commune.
Guigny is a commune.
Guinecourt is a commune.
Guisy is a commune.
Guémappe is a commune.
Guînes is a commune.
Habarcq is a commune.
Haillicourt is a commune.
Haisnes is a commune.
Halinghen is a commune.
Hallines is a commune.
Halloy, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Ham-en-Artois is a commune.
Hamblain-les-Prés is a commune.
Hamelincourt is a commune.
Hames-Boucres is a commune.
Hannescamps is a commune.
Haplincourt is a commune.
Haravesnes is a commune.
Hardinghen is a commune.
Harnes is a commune.
Haucourt, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Haut-Loquin is a commune.
Haute-Avesnes is a commune.
Hautecloque, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Hauteville, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Havrincourt is a commune.
Helfaut is a commune.
Hendecourt-lès-Cagnicourt is a commune.
Hendecourt-lès-Ransart is a commune.
Henneveux is a commune.
Herbelles is a commune.
Herbinghen is a commune.
Herlin-le-Sec is a commune.
Herlincourt is a commune.
Herly, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Hermaville is a commune.
Hermelinghen is a commune.
Hermies is a commune.
Hermin is a commune.
Hernicourt is a commune.
Hersin-Coupigny is a commune.
Hervelinghen is a commune.
Hesdigneul-lès-Boulogne is a commune.
Hesdigneul-lès-Béthune is a commune.
Hesdin is a commune.
Hesdin-l'Abbé is a commune.
Hesmond is a commune.
Roundhay is an upmarket area of Leeds, best known for its large park, Roundhay Park.
Hestrus is a commune.
Heuchin is a commune.
Heuringhem is a commune.
Hinges, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Hocquinghen is a commune.
Houchin is a commune.
Houdain is a commune.
Houlle is a commune.
Houvin-Houvigneul is a commune.
Hubersent is a commune.
Huby-Saint-Leu is a commune.
Huclier is a commune.
Hucqueliers is a commune.
Hulluch is a commune.
Humbercamps is a commune.
Humbert, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Humerœuille is a commune.
Humières is a commune.
Hébuterne is a commune.
Hénin-Beaumont is a commune.
Hénin-sur-Cojeul is a commune.
Héninel is a commune.
Hénu is a commune.
Héricourt, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Hézecques is a commune.
Inchy-en-Artois is a commune.
Incourt, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Inghem is a commune.
Inxent is a commune.
Isbergues is a commune.
Isques is a commune.
Ivergny is a commune.
Izel-les-Hameaux is a commune.
Izel-lès-Équerchin is a commune.
Journy is a commune.
La Calotterie is a commune.
La Capelle-lès-Boulogne is a commune.
La Cauchie is a commune.
La Comté is a commune.
La Couture, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
La Herlière is a commune.
La Loge is a commune.
La Madelaine-sous-Montreuil is a commune.
La Thieuloye is a commune.
Labeuvrière is a commune.
Labourse is a commune.
Labroye is a commune.
Lacres is a commune.
Lagnicourt-Marcel is a commune.
Laires is a commune.
Lambres is a commune.
Landrethun-le-Nord is a commune.
Landrethun-lès-Ardres is a commune.
Lapugnoy is a commune.
Lattre-Saint-Quentin is a commune.
Laventie is a commune.
Le Parcq is a commune.
Le Ponchel is a commune.
Le Portel is a commune.
Le Quesnoy-en-Artois is a commune.
Le Sars is a commune.
Le Souich is a commune.
Le Touquet-Paris-Plage is a commune.
Le Transloy is a commune.
Le Wast is a commune.
Lebiez is a commune.
Lebucquière is a commune.
Ledinghem is a commune.
Lefaux is a commune.
Leforest is a commune.
Les Attaques is a commune.
Lespesses is a commune.
Lespinoy is a commune.
Lestrem is a commune.
Leubringhen is a commune.
Leulinghem is a commune.
Leulinghen-Bernes is a commune.
Libercourt is a commune.
Licques is a commune.
Liencourt is a commune.
Liettres is a commune.
Lignereuil is a commune.
Ligny-Saint-Flochel is a commune.
Ligny-Thilloy is a commune.
Ligny-lès-Aire is a commune.
Ligny-sur-Canche is a commune.
Lillers is a commune.
Linghem is a commune.
Linzeux is a commune.
Lisbourg is a commune.
Lières is a commune.
Liévin is a commune.
Locon is a commune.
Loison-sous-Lens is a commune.
Loison-sur-Créquoise is a commune.
Longfossé is a commune.
Longuenesse is a commune.
Longueville, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Longvilliers, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Loos-en-Gohelle is a commune.
Lorgies is a commune.
Lottinghen is a commune.
Louches is a commune.
Lozinghem is a commune.
Lugy is a commune.
Lumbres is a commune.
Léchelle, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Lépine is a commune.
Magnicourt-en-Comte is a commune.
Magnicourt-sur-Canche is a commune.
Maintenay is a commune.
Maisnil is a commune.
Maisnil-lès-Ruitz is a commune.
Maisoncelle is a commune.
Maizières, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Mametz, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Manin, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Maninghem is a commune.
Maninghen-Henne is a commune.
Marant is a commune.
Marck, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Marconne is a commune.
Marconnelle is a commune.
Marenla is a commune.
Maresquel-Ecquemicourt is a commune.
Marest is a commune.
Maresville is a commune.
Marles-les-Mines is a commune.
Marles-sur-Canche is a commune.
Marquay, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Marquion is a commune.
Marquise, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Martinpuich is a commune.
Marœuil is a commune.
Matringhem is a commune.
Mazingarbe is a commune.
Mazinghem is a commune.
Mencas is a commune.
Menneville, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Mentque-Nortbécourt is a commune.
Mercatel is a commune.
Merck-Saint-Liévin is a commune.
Merlimont is a commune.
Metz-en-Couture is a commune.
Meurchin is a commune.
Mingoval is a commune.
Roundhay Park is a large park in the upmarket suburb of Roundhay in North Leeds.
Moncheaux-lès-Frévent is a commune.
Monchel-sur-Canche is a commune.
Monchiet is a commune.
Monchy-Breton is a commune.
Monchy-Cayeux is a commune.
Monchy-au-Bois is a commune.
Monchy-le-Preux is a commune.
Mondicourt is a commune.
Mont-Bernanchon is a commune.
Mont-Saint-Éloi is a commune.
Montcavrel is a commune.
Montenescourt is a commune.
Montigny-en-Gohelle is a commune.
Montreuil, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Monts-en-Ternois is a commune.
Morchies is a commune.
Moringhem is a commune.
Morval is a commune.
Mory, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Moulle is a commune.
Mouriez is a commune.
Moyenneville, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Muncq-Nieurlet is a commune.
Méricourt, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Nabringhen is a commune.
Nempont-Saint-Firmin is a commune.
Nesles is a commune.
Neufchâtel-Hardelot is a commune.
Neulette is a commune.
Neuve-Chapelle is a commune.
Neuville-Bourjonval is a commune.
Neuville-Saint-Vaast is a commune.
Neuville-Vitasse is a commune.
Neuville-au-Cornet is a commune.
Neuville-sous-Montreuil is a commune.
Neuvireuil is a commune.
Nielles-lès-Ardres is a commune.
Nielles-lès-Bléquin is a commune.
Nielles-lès-Calais is a commune.
Nordausques is a commune.
Noreuil is a commune.
Norrent-Fontes is a commune.
Nort-Leulinghem is a commune.
Nortkerque is a commune.
Nouvelle-Église is a commune.
Noyelle-Vion is a commune.
Noyelles-Godault is a commune.
Noyelles-lès-Humières is a commune.
Noyelles-lès-Vermelles is a commune.
Noyelles-sous-Bellonne is a commune.
Noyelles-sous-Lens is a commune.
Noyellette is a commune.
Nuncq-Hautecôte is a commune.
Nédon is a commune.
Nédonchel is a commune.
Nœux-les-Mines is a commune.
Nœux-lès-Auxi is a commune.
Oblinghem is a commune.
Offekerque is a commune.
Offin is a commune.
Offrethun is a commune.
Oignies is a commune.
Oisy-le-Verger is a commune.
Oppy, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Orville, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Ostreville is a commune.
Ourton is a commune.
Outreau is a commune.
Ouve-Wirquin is a commune.
Oye-Plage is a commune.
Palluel is a commune.
Parenty is a commune.
Pas-en-Artois is a commune.
Pelves is a commune.
Penin is a commune.
Pernes, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Pernes-lès-Boulogne is a commune.
Peuplingues is a commune.
Pierremont is a commune.
Pihem is a commune.
Pihen-lès-Guînes is a commune.
Pittefaux is a commune.
Planques is a commune.
Plouvain is a commune.
Polincove is a commune.
Pommera is a commune.
Pommier is a commune.
Pont-à-Vendin is a commune.
Pressy is a commune.
Preures is a commune.
Pronville is a commune.
Prédefin is a commune.
Puisieux, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Quelmes is a commune.
Quercamps is a commune.
Quernes is a commune.
Quesques is a commune.
Questrecques is a commune.
Quiestède is a commune.
Quilen is a commune.
Quiéry-la-Motte is a commune.
Quéant is a commune.
Quœux-Haut-Maînil is a commune.
Racquinghem is a commune.
Radinghem is a commune.
Ramecourt, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Rang-du-Fliers is a commune.
Ransart is a commune.
Raye-sur-Authie is a commune.
Rebecques is a commune.
Rebergues is a commune.
Rebreuve-Ranchicourt is a commune.
Rebreuve-sur-Canche is a commune.
Rebreuviette is a commune.
Reclinghem is a commune.
Recques-sur-Course is a commune.
Recques-sur-Hem is a commune.
Regnauville is a commune.
Rely, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Remilly-Wirquin is a commune.
Renty is a commune.
Rety is a commune.
Richebourg, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Riencourt-lès-Bapaume is a commune.
Riencourt-lès-Cagnicourt is a commune.
Rimboval is a commune.
Rinxent is a commune.
Rivière, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Robecq is a commune.
Roclincourt is a commune.
Rocquigny, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Rodelinghem is a commune.
Rollancourt is a commune.
Rombly is a commune.
Roquetoire is a commune.
Rougefay is a commune.
Roussent is a commune.
Rouvroy, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Royon is a commune.
Roëllecourt is a commune.
Ruisseauville is a commune.
Ruitz is a commune.
Rumaucourt is a commune.
Rumilly, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Ruminghem is a commune.
Ruyaulcourt is a commune.
Récourt is a commune.
Rémy is a commune.
Rœux is a commune.
Sachin, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Sailly-Labourse is a commune.
Sailly-au-Bois is a commune.
Sailly-en-Ostrevent is a commune.
Sailly-sur-la-Lys is a commune.
Sains-en-Gohelle is a commune.
Sains-lès-Fressin is a commune.
Sains-lès-Marquion is a commune.
Sains-lès-Pernes is a commune.
Saint-Amand, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Saint-Aubin, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Saint-Denœux is a commune.
Saint-Floris is a commune.
Saint-Folquin is a commune.
Saint-Georges, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Saint-Hilaire-Cottes is a commune.
Saint-Inglevert is a commune.
Saint-Josse is a commune.
Saint-Laurent-Blangy is a commune.
Saint-Léger, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Saint-Léonard, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Saint-Martin-Boulogne is a commune.
Saint-Martin-Choquel is a commune.
Saint-Martin-au-Laërt is a commune.
Saint-Martin-d'Hardinghem is a commune.
Saint-Martin-sur-Cojeul is a commune.
Saint-Michel-sous-Bois is a commune.
Saint-Michel-sur-Ternoise is a commune.
Saint-Nicolas, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Saint-Omer is a commune.
Saint-Omer-Capelle is a commune.
Saint-Pol-sur-Ternoise is a commune.
Saint-Rémy-au-Bois is a commune.
Saint-Tricat is a commune.
Saint-Venant is a commune.
Saint-Étienne-au-Mont is a commune.
Sainte-Austreberthe, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Sainte-Catherine-lès-Arras is a commune.
Sainte-Marie-Kerque is a commune.
Sallaumines is a commune.
Salperwick is a commune.
Samer is a commune.
Sangatte is a commune.
Sanghen is a commune.
Sapignies is a commune.
Sars-le-Bois is a commune.
Sarton, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Sauchy-Cauchy is a commune.
Sauchy-Lestrée is a commune.
Saudemont is a commune.
Saulchoy is a commune.
Saulty is a commune.
Savy-Berlette is a commune.
Selles, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Sempy is a commune.
Seninghem is a commune.
Senlecques is a commune.
Senlis, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Serques is a commune.
Servins is a commune.
Setques is a commune.
Sibiville is a commune.
Simencourt is a commune.
Siracourt is a commune.
Sombrin is a commune.
Sorrus is a commune.
Souastre is a commune.
Souchez is a commune.
Surques is a commune.
Sus-Saint-Léger is a commune.
Séricourt is a commune.
Tangry is a commune.
Tardinghen is a commune.
Tatinghem is a commune.
Teneur is a commune.
Ternas is a commune.
Thiembronne is a commune.
Thièvres, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Thélus is a commune.
Thérouanne is a commune.
Tigny-Noyelle is a commune.
Tilloy-lès-Hermaville is a commune.
Tilloy-lès-Mofflaines is a commune.
Tilly-Capelle is a commune.
Tilques is a commune.
Tincques is a commune.
Tingry is a commune.
Tollent is a commune.
Torcy, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Tortefontaine is a commune.
Tortequesne is a commune.
Tournehem-sur-la-Hem is a commune.
Tramecourt is a commune.
Trescault is a commune.
Troisvaux is a commune.
Tubersent is a commune.
Vacquerie-le-Boucq is a commune.
Vacqueriette-Erquières is a commune.
Valhuon is a commune.
Vaudricourt, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Vaudringhem is a commune.
Vaulx, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Vaulx-Vraucourt is a commune.
Vendin-le-Vieil is a commune.
Vendin-lès-Béthune is a commune.
Verchin is a commune.
Verchocq is a commune.
Verlincthun is a commune.
Vermelles is a commune.
Verquin is a commune.
Verton is a commune.
Vieil-Hesdin is a commune.
Vieil-Moutier is a commune.
Vieille-Chapelle is a commune.
Vieille-Église is a commune.
Villers-Brûlin is a commune.
Villers-Châtel is a commune.
Villers-Sir-Simon is a commune.
Villers-au-Bois is a commune.
Villers-au-Flos is a commune.
Villers-l'Hôpital is a commune.
Villers-lès-Cagnicourt is a commune.
Vimy is a commune.
Vincly is a commune.
Violaines is a commune.
Vis-en-Artois is a commune.
Vitry-en-Artois is a commune.
Vélu is a commune.
Waben is a commune.
Wacquinghen is a commune.
Wail is a commune.
Wailly is a commune.
Wailly-Beaucamp is a commune.
Wambercourt is a commune.
Wamin is a commune.
Wancourt is a commune.
Wanquetin is a commune.
Wardrecques is a commune.
Warlencourt-Eaucourt is a commune.
Warlincourt-lès-Pas is a commune.
Warlus, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Warluzel is a commune.
Wavrans-sur-Ternoise is a commune.
Wavrans-sur-l'Aa is a commune.
Westrehem is a commune.
Wicquinghem is a commune.
Widehem is a commune.
Wierre-Effroy is a commune.
Wierre-au-Bois is a commune.
Willeman is a commune.
Willencourt is a commune.
Willerval is a commune.
Wimereux is a commune.
Wimille is a commune.
Wingles is a commune.
Wirwignes is a commune.
Wismes is a commune.
Wisques is a commune.
Wissant is a commune.
Witternesse is a commune.
Wittes is a commune.
Wizernes is a commune.
Ytres is a commune.
Zoteux is a commune.
Zouafques is a commune.
Zudausques is a commune.
Zutkerque is a commune.
Éclimeux is a commune.
Écoivres is a commune.
Écourt-Saint-Quentin is a commune.
Écoust-Saint-Mein is a commune.
Écuires is a commune.
Écurie is a commune.
Éleu-dit-Leauwette is a commune.
Éperlecques is a commune.
Épinoy is a commune.
Équihen-Plage is a commune.
Équirre is a commune.
Érin is a commune.
Étaing is a commune.
Étaples is a commune.
Éterpigny, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.
Étrun is a commune.
Évin-Malmaison is a commune.
Œuf-en-Ternois is a commune.
Ada is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Aline, Oklahoma is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.
Altus is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Alva is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Antlers is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Ardmore, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Asher, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Atoka, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Barnsdall, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Bartlesville, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Beaver, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Beggs, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Bethany, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Blackwell, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Blanchard, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Boise City, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Bowlegs, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Bridgeport, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Bristow, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Broken Bow, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Bunch, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Cache, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Catoosa, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Cedar Valley, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Centrahoma, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Chandler, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Checotah, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Chelsea, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Cherokee, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Chickasha, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
An Endangered language is a language with very few native speakers, that is in danger of becoming extinct.
Claremore, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Cleveland, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Clinton, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Coalgate, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Collinsville, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Comanche, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Commerce, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Crescent, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Cromwell, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Cushing, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Davis, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Del City, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Dewey, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Drumright, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Duncan, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Durant, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
El Reno, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Elgin, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Elk City, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Erick, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Eufaula, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Fairview, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Frederick, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Garber, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Geary, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Glenpool, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Gould, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Grandfield, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Grove, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Guthrie, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Guymon, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Haileyville, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Harrah, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Hartshorne, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Healdton, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Heavener, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Henryetta, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Hobart, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Holdenville, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Hollis, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Hominy, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Hooker, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Hugo, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Inola, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Jay, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Kaw City, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Kingfisher, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Konawa, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Krebs, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Langston, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Lehigh, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Lexington, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Lindsay, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Lone Grove, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Madill, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Mangum, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Marietta, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Marlow, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Maud, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
McAlester, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Medford, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Meeker, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Miami, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Minco, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Morris, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Muskogee is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Mustang, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
New Cordell, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Newcastle, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Newkirk, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Nichols Hills, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Nicoma Park, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Noble, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Nowata, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Oakhurst, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Oilton, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Okmulgee, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Pauls Valley, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Pawhuska, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Pawnee, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Perkins, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Perry, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Picher, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Piedmont, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Ponca City, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Pond Creek, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Poteau, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Prague, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Pryor Creek, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Purcell, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Red Oak, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Ringwood, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Ripley, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Sallisaw, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Sand Springs, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Sapulpa, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Sasakwa, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Sayre, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Seiling, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Seminole, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Shawnee, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Shidler, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Snyder, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Spencer, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Stigler, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Stilwell, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Stroud, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Sulphur, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Tecumseh, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
The Village, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Thomas, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Tishomingo, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Tonkawa, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Tupelo, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Tuttle, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Vinita, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Walters, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Wapanucka, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Warr Acres, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Watonga, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Waurika, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Waynoka, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Weatherford, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Wetumka, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Wewoka, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Wilburton, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Wilson, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Woodward, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Wynnewood, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Yale, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Yukon, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Zeb, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Zena, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Arcadia, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
Adairville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Albany, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Alexandria, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Allen, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Anchorage, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Arlington, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Ashland, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Auburn, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Audubon Park, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Augusta, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Bagdad, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Bancroft, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Barbourmeade, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Barbourville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Bardstown, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Bardwell, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Barlow, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Beattyville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Beaver Dam, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Bedford, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Beechwood Village, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Bellefonte, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Bellemeade, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Bellevue, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Bellewood, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Benham, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Benton, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Berea, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Berry, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Blackey, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Blaine, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Bloomfield, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Blue Ridge Manor, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Bonnieville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Booneville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Bowling Green, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Bradfordsville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Brandenburg, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Bremen, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Briarwood, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Brodhead, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Broeck Pointe, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Bromley, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Brooksville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Brownsboro Farm, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Brownsboro Village, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Brownsville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Buckhorn, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Burgin, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Burkesville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Burnside, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Butler, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Cadiz, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Calhoun, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
California, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Calvert City, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Camargo, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Cambridge, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Campbellsburg, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Campbellsville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Campton is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Caneyville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Carlisle, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Carrollton, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Carrsville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Catlettsburg, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Cave City, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Cecilia, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Centertown, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Central City, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Clarkson, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Clay, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Clay City, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Clinton, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Cloverport, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Coal Run Village, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Cold Spring, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Coldstream, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Columbia, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Columbus, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Concord, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Corbin, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Corinth, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Corydon, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Covington, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Crab Orchard, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Creekside, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Crescent Springs, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Crestview, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Crestview Hills, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Crestwood, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Crittenden, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Crofton, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Crossgate, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Cumberland, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Cynthiana, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Danville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Dawson Springs, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Dayton, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Dingus, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Dixon, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Douglass Hills, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Dover, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Drakesboro, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Druid Hills is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Dry Ridge, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Earlington, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Eddyville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Edgewood, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Edmonton, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Ekron, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Elizabethtown, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Elkhorn City, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Elkton, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Elsmere, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Elwood, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Eminence, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Erlanger, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Eubank, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Evarts, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Ewing, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Fairfield, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Fairview, Kenton County, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Falmouth, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Ferguson, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Fincastle, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Flatwoods, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Fleming-Neon, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Flemingsburg, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Florence, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Fordsville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Forest Hills, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Fort Mitchell, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Fort Thomas, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Fort Wright, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Fountain Run, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Fox Chase, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Franklin, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Fredonia, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Frenchburg, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Fulton, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Gamaliel, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Germantown, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Ghent, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Glasgow, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Glencoe, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Glenview, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Glenview Hills, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Glenview Manor, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Goose Creek, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Goshen, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Grand Rivers, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Gratz, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Graymoor-Devondale, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Grayson, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Green Spring, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Greensburg, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Greenup, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Greenville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Guthrie, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Hanson, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Hardin, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Hardinsburg, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Harlan, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Harrodsburg, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Hartford, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Hawesville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Hazard, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Hazel, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Hell's Neck, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Henderson, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Hickman, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Hickory Hill, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Highland Heights, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Hills and Dales, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Hillview, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Hindman, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Hiseville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Hollow Creek, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Hollyvilla, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Hopkinsville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Horse Cave, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Houston Acres, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Hunters Hollow, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Hurstbourne, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Hurstbourne Acres, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Hustonville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Hyden, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Independence, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Indian Hills, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Inez, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Irvine, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Irvington, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Island, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Jackson, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Jamestown, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Jeffersontown, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Jeffersonville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Jenkins, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Junction City, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Kenton Vale, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Kevil, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Kingsley, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Kuttawa, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
LaFayette, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
La Center, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
La Grange, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Lakeside Park, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Lakeview Heights, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Lancaster, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Langdon Place, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Latonia Lakes, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Lawrenceburg, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Lebanon, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Lebanon Junction, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Leitchfield, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Lewisburg, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Lewisport, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Lexington Greene, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Liberty, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Lincolnshire, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Livermore, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Livingston, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
London, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Lone Oak, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Loretto, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Louisa, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Loyall, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Ludlow, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Lynch, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Lyndon, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Lynnview, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Mackville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Madisonville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Manchester, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Manor Creek, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Marion, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Martin, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Maryhill Estates, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Mayfield, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Maysville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
McHenry, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
McKee, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Meadow Vale, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Meadowbrook Farm, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Meadowview Estates, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Melbourne, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Mentor, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Middlesborough, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Middletown, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Midway, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Millersburg, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Milton, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Minor Lane Heights, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Mockingbird Valley, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Monkey's Eyebrow, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Monterey, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Monticello, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Moorland, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Morehead, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Morganfield, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Morgantown, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Mortons Gap, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Mount Olivet, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Mount Sterling, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Mount Vernon, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Mount Washington, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Muldraugh, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Munfordville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Murray, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Murray Hill, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Nebo, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
New Castle, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
New Haven, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Newport, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Nicholasville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Norbourne Estates, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
North Middletown, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Northfield, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Nortonville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Norwood, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Oak Grove, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Oakland, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Old Brownsboro Place, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Olive Hill, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Orchard Grass Hills, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Owensboro, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Owenton, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Owingsville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Paducah, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Paintsville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Paris, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Park City, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Park Hills, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Park Lake, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Parkway Village, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Pembroke, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Perryville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Pewee Valley, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Pikeville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Pineville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Pioneer Village, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Pippa Passes, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Plantation, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Pleasureville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Plum Springs, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Poplar Hills, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Powderly, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Prestonsburg, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Prestonville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Princeton, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Prospect, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Providence, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Raceland, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Radcliff, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Ravenna, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Raywick, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Richlawn, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
River Bluff, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Riverwood, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Robards, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Rochester, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Rockport, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Rolling Fields, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Rolling Hills, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Rowletts, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Russell, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Russell Springs, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Russellville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Ryland Heights, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Sacramento, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Sadieville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Salem, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Salt Lick, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Salyersville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Sanders, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Sandy Hook, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Sardis, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Science Hill, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Scottsville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Sebree, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Seneca Gardens, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Sharpsburg, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Shelbyville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Shepherdsville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Shively, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Silver Grove, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Simpsonville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Slaughters, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Smithfield, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Simple Network Management Protocol  is a part of the Internet Protocol Suite.
Smithland, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Smiths Grove, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Somerset, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Sonora, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
South Carrollton, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
South Park View, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
South Shore, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Southgate, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Sparta, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Spring Mill, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Spring Valley, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Springfield, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
St.
St.
St.
Stamping Ground, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Stanford, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Stanton, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Strathmoor Manor, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Strathmoor Village, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Sturgis, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Sycamore, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Taylor Mill, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Taylorsville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Ten Broeck, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Thornhill, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Tompkinsville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Trenton, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Union, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Uniontown, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Upton, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Vanceburg, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Versailles, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Vicco, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Villa Hills, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Vine Grove, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Wallins Creek, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Walton, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Warfield, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Warsaw, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Water Valley, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Watterson Park, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Waverly, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Wayland, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Wellington, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
West Buechel, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
West Liberty, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
West Point, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Westwood, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Wheatcroft, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Wheelwright, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
White Plains, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Whitesburg, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Whitesville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Wickliffe, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Wilder, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Williamsburg, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Williamstown, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Willisburg, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Winchester, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Windy Hills, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Wingo, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Woodburn, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Woodbury, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Woodland Hills, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Woodlawn, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Woodlawn Park, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Worthington, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Worthington Hills, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Worthville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Wurtland, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Wildwood is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Wilmore, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Alexandria, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Bedford, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Bristol, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Buena Vista, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Charlottesville, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Chesapeake, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Colonial Heights, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Covington, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Danville, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Emporia, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Fairfax, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Falls Church, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Franklin, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Fredericksburg, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Galax, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Hampton, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Hopewell, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Lexington, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Manassas Park, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Manassas, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Martinsville, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Newport News, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Norton, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Petersburg, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Poquoson, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Radford, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Roanoke, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Salem, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Staunton, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Suffolk, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Waynesboro, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Williamsburg, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Winchester, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.
Accomac, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Alberta, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Altavista, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Amherst, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Appalachia, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Appomattox, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Ashland, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Belle Haven is a town in Accomack County of Virginia, United States.
Berryville, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Big Stone Gap, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Blacksburg, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Blackstone, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Bloxom, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Bluefield, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Boones Mill, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Bowling Green, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Boyce, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Boydton, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Boykins, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Branchville, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Bridgewater, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Broadway, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Brodnax, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Brookneal, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Buchanan, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Burkeville, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Cape Charles, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Capron, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Cedar Bluff, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Charlotte Court House, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Chase City, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Chatham, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Cheriton, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Chilhowie, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Chincoteague, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Christiansburg, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Claremont, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Clarksville, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Cleveland, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Clifton Forge, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Clifton, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Clinchco, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Clinchport, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Clintwood, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Coeburn, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Colonial Beach, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Columbia, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Courtland, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Craigsville, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Crewe, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Culpeper, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Damascus, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Dayton, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Dendron, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Dillwyn, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Drakes Branch, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Dublin, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Duffield, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Dumfries, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Dungannon, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Eastville is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Edinburg, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Elkton, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Exmore, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Farmville, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Fincastle, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Floyd, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Fries, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Front Royal, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Gate City, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Glade Spring, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Glasgow, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Glen Lyn, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Gordonsville, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Goshen, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Gretna, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Grottoes, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Grundy, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Halifax, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Hallwood, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Hamilton, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Haymarket, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Haysi, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Herndon, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Hillsboro is a town in Loudoun County of Virginia, United States.
Hillsville, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Honaker, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Hurt, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Independence, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Iron Gate, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Irvington, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Ivor, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Jarratt, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Jonesville, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Keller, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Kenbridge, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Jmirc is a popular IRC client that is used on cell phones, smart phones, and other mobile devices.
Keysville, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Kilmarnock, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
La Crosse, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Lawrenceville, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Lebanon, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Leesburg, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Louisa, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Lovettsville, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Luray, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Madison, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Marion, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
McKenney, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Melfa, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Middleburg, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Middletown, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Mineral, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Monterey, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Montross, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Mount Crawford, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Mount Jackson, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Narrows, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Nassawadox, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
New Castle, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
New Market, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Newsoms, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Nickelsville is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Occoquan, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Onancock, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Onley, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Orange, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Painter, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Pamplin City, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Parksley, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Pearisburg, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Pembroke, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Pennington Gap, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Phenix, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Pocahontas, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Port Royal, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Pound, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Pulaski, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Purcellville, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Quantico, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Remington, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Rich Creek, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Richlands, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Ridgeway, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
The Black-legged Dart Frog , also known as the bicolored dart frog or Neari in Choco, is the second most toxic of the wild poison dart frogs.
Junglefowl are the four living species of bird from the genus "Gallus" in the pheasant family, which occur in India, Sri Lanka and Southeast Asia.
Red Junglefowl  are the ancestors of all our domestic chickens.
Rocky Mount, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Round Hill is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Rural Retreat, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Saltville, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Saxis, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Scottsburg, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Scottsville, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Shenandoah, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Smithfield, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
South Boston, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
South Hill, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
St.
St.
Stanardsville, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Stanley, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Stephens City, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Stony Creek, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Strasburg, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Stuart, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Surry, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Tangier, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Tappahannock, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Tazewell, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
The Plains, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Timberville, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Toms Brook, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Troutdale, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Troutville, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Urbanna, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Victoria, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Vienna, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Vinton, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Virgilina, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Wachapreague, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Wakefield, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Warrenton, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Warsaw, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Washington, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Waverly, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Weber City, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
West Point, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
White Stone, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Windsor, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Wise, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Woodstock, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Wytheville, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
Abingdon, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Albion, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Aledo, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Alsip, Illinois is a village of Illinois in the United States.
Altamont, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Amboy, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Anna, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Arcola, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Ashley, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Assumption, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Athens, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Atlanta, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Auburn, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Aurora, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Ava, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Barry, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Batavia, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Beardstown, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Belleville, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Belvidere, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Benld, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Benton, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Berwyn, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Blue Island, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Braidwood, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Breese, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Bridgeport, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Brookport, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Bunker Hill, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Burbank, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Bushnell, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Byron, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Cairo, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Calumet City, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Canton, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Carbondale, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Carlinville, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Carlyle, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Carmi, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Carrollton, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Carterville, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Carthage, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Casey, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Centralia, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Centreville, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Champaign, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Charleston, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Chenoa, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Chester, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Chicago Heights, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Chillicothe, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Chrisman, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Christopher, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Clinton, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Coffeen, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Colchester, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Collinsville, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Colona, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Columbia, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Country Club Hills, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Countryside, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Creal Springs, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Crest Hill, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Crystal Lake, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Cuba, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Dallas City, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Danville, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Darien, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
DeKalb, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Delavan, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Des Plaines, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Dixon, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Du Quoin, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Earlville, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
East Dubuque, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
East Moline, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
East Peoria, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
East St.
Edwardsville, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Effingham, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
El Paso, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Eldorado, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Elgin, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Elmhurst, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Elmwood Park, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Eureka, Illinois is a small city of Illinois in the United States.
Evanston, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Fairbury, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Fairfield, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Fairview Heights, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Farmer City, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Farmington, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Flora, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Fox Lake, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Freeport, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Fulton, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Galena, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Galesburg, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Galva, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Geneseo, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Geneva, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Genoa, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Georgetown, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Gibson City, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Gillespie, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Gilman, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Girard, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Golconda, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Goreville, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Grafton, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Grand Tower, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Granite City, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Grayslake, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Grayville, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Greenfield, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Greenville, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Griggsville, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Hamilton, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Harrisburg, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Harvard, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Harvey, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Havana, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Henry, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Herrin, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Hickory Hills, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Highland Park, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Highland, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Highwood, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Hillsboro, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Hometown, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Hoopeston, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Hurst, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Jacksonville, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Jerseyville, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Johnston City, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Joliet is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Kankakee, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Keithsburg, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Kewanee, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Kinmundy, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Knoxville, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
La Harpe, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Lacon, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Lake Forest, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Lanark, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
LaSalle, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Lawrenceville, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Le Roy, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Lebanon, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Leland Grove, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Lena, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Lewistown, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Lexington, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Lincoln, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Lisle, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Litchfield, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Lockport, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Lombard, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Loves Park, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Macomb, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Macon, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Madison, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Marengo, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Marion, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Markham, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Maroa, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Marquette Heights, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Marseilles, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Marshall, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Martinsville, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Mascoutah, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Mason City, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Mattoon, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
McHenry, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
McLeansboro, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Mendota, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Metropolis, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Midlothian, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Minonk, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Mokena, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Moline, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Momence, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Monmouth, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Monticello, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Morris, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Morrison, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Mound City, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Mounds, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Mount Carmel, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Mount Carroll, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Mount Olive, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Mount Pulaski, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Mount Sterling, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Mount Vernon, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Murphysboro, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Naperville, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Nashville, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Nason, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Nauvoo, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Neoga, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
New Boston, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Newman, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Newton, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Nokomis, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Normal, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
North Chicago, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Northlake, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
O'Fallon, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Oak Forest, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Oakbrook Terrace, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Oakland, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Oglesby, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Olney, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Oneida, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Oregon, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Orient, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Orland Park, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Ottawa, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Palos Heights, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Palos Hills, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Pana, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Paris, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Park City, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Park Ridge, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Paxton, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Pekin, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Peru, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Petersburg, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Pinckneyville, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Pittsfield, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Plano, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Pleasant Hill, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Polo, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Pontiac, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Princeton, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Prophetstown, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Prospect Heights, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Red Bud, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Robinson, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Rochelle, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Rock Falls, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Rock Island, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Rockford, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Rolling Meadows, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Roodhouse, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Rosiclare, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Roxana, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Rushville, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Salem, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Sandwich, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Savanna, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Sesser, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Shawneetown, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Shelbyville, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Silvis is a city of Illinois in the United States.
South Beloit, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Sparta, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Spring Valley, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
St.
St.
St.
Staunton, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Sterling, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Streamwood, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Streator, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Sullivan, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Sumner, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Sycamore, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Vandalia, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Venice, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Vienna, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Villa Grove, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Villa Park, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Virden, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Virginia, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Wamac, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Warrenville, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Warsaw, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Washington, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Waterloo, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Watseka, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Waukegan, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Waverly, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Wenona, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
West Chicago, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
West Frankfort, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
West Peoria, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Wheaton, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
White Hall, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Wilmington, Will County, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Winchester, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Windsor, Shelby County, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Witt, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Wood Dale, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Wood River, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Woodstock, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Wyoming, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Yorkville, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Zeigler, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Zion, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.
The Real Time Streaming Protocol , developed by the IETF and created in 1998 as RFC 2326, is a protocol for use in streaming media systems, which allows a client to remotely control a streaming media server, issuing VCR-like commands such as "play" and "pause", and allowing time-based access to files on a server.
Alexandria, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Anderson, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Angola, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Attica, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Auburn, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Aurora, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Batesville, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Bedford, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Beech Grove, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Berne, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Bicknell, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Bloomington, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Bluffton, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Boonville, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Brazil, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Butler, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Cannelton, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Carmel, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Charlestown, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Clinton, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Columbia City, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Columbus, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Connersville, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Covington, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Crawfordsville, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Crown Point, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Decatur, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Delphi, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Dunkirk, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
East Chicago, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Elkhart, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Elwood, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Evansville, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Fort Wayne, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Frankfort, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Franklin, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Garrett, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Gary, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Gas City, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Goshen, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Greencastle, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Greendale, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Greenfield, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Greensburg, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Greenwood, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Hammond, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Hartford City, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Hobart, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Huntingburg, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Huntington, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Jasonville, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Jasper, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Jeffersonville, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Jonesboro, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Kendallville, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Knox, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Kokomo, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
La Porte, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Lafayette, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Lake Station, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Lawrence, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Lawrenceburg, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Lebanon, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Ligonier, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Linton, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Logansport, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Loogootee, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Madison, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Marion, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Martinsville, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Michigan City, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Mishawaka, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Mitchell, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Monticello, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Montpelier, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Mount Vernon, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Muncie, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Nappanee, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
New Albany, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
New Haven, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Noblesville, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
North Vernon, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Oakland City, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Peru, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Petersburg, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Plymouth, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Portage, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Portland, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Princeton is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Rensselaer, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Richmond, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Rising Sun, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Rochester, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Rockport, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Rushville, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Salem, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Scottsburg, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Seymour, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Shelbyville, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
South Bend is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Southport, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Sullivan, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Tell City, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Terre Haute, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Tipton, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Union City, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Valparaiso, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Vincennes, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Wabash, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Warsaw, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Washington, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
West Lafayette, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Whiting, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Winchester, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Woodburn, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.
Schack August Steenberg Krogh  is an Danish zoologist.
Ackley, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Ackworth, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Adair, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Adel, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Afton is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Agency, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Ainsworth, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Akron, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Albert City, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Albia, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Albion, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Alburnett, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Alden, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Alexander, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Algona, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Alleman, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Allerton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Allison, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Alta Vista, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Alta, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Alton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Altoona, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Alvord, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Ames, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Anamosa, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Andover, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Andrew, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Anita, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Ankeny, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Anthon, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Aplington, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Arcadia, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Archer, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Aredale, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Argyle, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Arion, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Arispe, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Arlington, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Armstrong, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Arnolds Park, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Arthur, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Asbury, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Ashton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Aspinwall, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Atalissa, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Atkins, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Atlantic, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Auburn, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Audubon, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Aurelia, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Aurora, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Avoca, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Ayrshire, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Badger, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Bagley, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Baldwin, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Balltown, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Bancroft, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Bankston, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Barnes City, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Barnum, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Bassett, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Batavia, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Battle Creek, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Baxter, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Bayard, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Beacon, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Beaconsfield, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Beaman, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Beaver, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Bedford, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Belle Plaine, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Bellevue, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Belmond, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Bennett, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Benton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Berkley, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Bernard, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Bertram, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Berwick, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Bettendorf, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Bevington, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Birmingham, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Blairsburg, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Blairstown, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Blakesburg, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Blanchard, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Blencoe, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Blockton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Bloomfield, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Blue Grass, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Bode, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Bonaparte, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Bondurant, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Boone, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Booneville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Bouton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Boxholm, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Boyden, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Braddyville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Bradford, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Bradgate, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Brandon, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Brayton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Breda, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Bridgewater, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Brighton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Bristow, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Britt, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Bronson, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Brooklyn, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Brunsville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Buck Grove, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Buckeye, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Buffalo Center, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Buffalo, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Burt, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Bussey, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Calamus, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Callender, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Calmar is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Calumet, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Camanche, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Cambridge, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Cancun is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Cantril, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Carbon, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Carlisle, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Carpenter, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Carroll, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Carson, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Carter Lake, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Cascade, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Casey, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Castalia, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Castana, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Cedar Falls, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Center Junction, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Center Point, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Centerville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Central City, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Centralia, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Chariton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Charles City, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Charlotte, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Charter Oak, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Chatsworth, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Chelsea, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Cherokee, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Chester, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Chillicothe, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Churdan, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Cincinnati, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Clare, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Clarence, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Clarinda, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Clarion, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Clarksville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Clayton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Clear Lake, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Clearfield, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Cleghorn, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Clemons, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Clermont, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Clinton is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Clio, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Clive, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Clutier, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Coburg, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Coggon, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Coin, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Colesburg, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Colfax, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
College Springs, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Collins, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Colo, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Columbus City, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Columbus Junction, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Colwell, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Conesville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Conrad, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Conway, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Coon Rapids, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Coppock, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Coralville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Corning, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Correctionville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Corwith, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Corydon, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Cotter, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Coulter, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Council Bluffs, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Craig, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Crawfordsville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Crescent, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Cresco, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Cromwell, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Crystal Lake, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Cumberland, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Cumming, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Curlew, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Cushing, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Cylinder, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Dakota City, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Dallas Center, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Dana, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Danbury, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Danville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Davenport, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Davis City, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Dawson, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Dayton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
De Soto, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
De Witt, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Decatur City, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Decorah, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Dedham, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Deep River, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Defiance, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Delaware, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Delhi, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Delmar, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Deloit, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Delphos, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Delta, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Denison, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Denver, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Derby, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Dexter, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Diagonal, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Dickens, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Dike, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Dixon, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Dolliver, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Donahue, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Donnellson, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Doon, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Dougherty, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Dow City, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Dows, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Drakesville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Dubuque, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Dumont, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Duncombe, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Dundee, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Dunkerton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Dunlap, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Durango, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Durant, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Dyersville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Dysart, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Eagle Grove, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Earlham, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Earling, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Earlville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Early, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
East Peru, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Eddyville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Edgewood, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Elberon, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Eldon, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Eldora, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Eldridge, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Elgin, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Elk Horn, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Elk Run Heights, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Elkader, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Elkhart, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Elkport, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Elliott, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Ellston, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Ellsworth, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Elma, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Elvira, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Ely, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Emerson, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Emmetsburg, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Epworth, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Essex, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Estherville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Evansdale, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Everly, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Exira, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Exline, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Fairbank, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Fairfax, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Fairfield, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Farley, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Farmersburg, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Farmington, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Farnhamville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Farragut, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Fayette, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Fenton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Ferguson, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Fertile, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Floris, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Floyd, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Fonda, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Fontanelle, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Forest City, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Fort Atkinson, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Fort Dodge, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Fort Madison, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Fostoria, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Franklin, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Fraser, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Fredericksburg, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Frederika, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Fredonia, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Fremont, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Fruitland, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Galt, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Galva, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Garber, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Garden Grove, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Garnavillo, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Garner, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Garrison, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Garwin, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Geneva, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
George is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Gibson, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Gilbert, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Gilbertville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Gillett Grove, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Gilman, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Gilmore City, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Gladbrook, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Glenwood, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Glidden, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Goldfield, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Goodell, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Goose Lake, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Gowrie, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Graettinger, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Graf, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Grafton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Grand Junction, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Grand Mound, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Grand River, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Grandview, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Granger, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Grant, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Granville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Gravity, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Gray, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Greeley, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Greene, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Greenfield, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Greenville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Grimes, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Grinnell, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Griswold, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Grundy Center, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Gruver, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Guernsey, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Guthrie Center, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Guttenberg, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Halbur, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Hamburg, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Hamilton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Hampton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Hancock, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Hanlontown, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Hansell, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Harcourt, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Hardy, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Harlan, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Harper, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Harpers Ferry, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Harris, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Hartford, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Hartley, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Hartwick, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Harvey, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Hastings, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Havelock, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Haverhill, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Hawarden, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Hawkeye, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Hayesville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Hazleton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Hedrick, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Henderson, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Hepburn, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Hiawatha, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Hills, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Hillsboro, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Hinton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Holland, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Holstein, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Holy Cross, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Hopkinton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Hornick, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Hospers, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Houghton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Hubbard, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Hudson, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Hull, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Humboldt, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Humeston, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Huxley, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Ida Grove, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Imogene, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Independence, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Indianola, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Inwood, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Ionia, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Iowa City, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Iowa Falls, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Ireton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Irwin is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Jackson Junction, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Jamaica, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Janesville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Jefferson, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Jesup, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Jewell Junction, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Johnston, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Joice, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Jolley, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Kalona, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Kamrar, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Kanawha, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Kellerton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Kelley, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Kellogg, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Kensett, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Kent, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Keokuk, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Keomah Village, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Keosauqua, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Keota, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Keswick, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Keystone, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Kimballton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Kingsley, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Kinross, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Kirkman, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Kirkville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Kiron, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Klemme, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Knierim, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Knoxville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
La Motte, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
La Porte City, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lacona, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Ladora, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lake City, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lake Mills, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lake Park, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lake View, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lakeside, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lakota, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lambs Grove, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lamoni, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lamont, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lanesboro, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lansing, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Larchwood, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Larrabee, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Latimer, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Laurel, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Laurens, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lawler, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lawton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Le Claire, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Le Grand, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Le Mars, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Le Roy, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Ledyard, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lehigh, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Leighton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Leland, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lenox, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Leon, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lester, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Letts, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lewis, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Libertyville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lidderdale, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lime Springs, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lincoln, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Linden, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lineville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Linn Grove, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lisbon, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Liscomb, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Little Rock, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Little Sioux, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Littleport, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Livermore, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lockridge, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Logan, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lohrville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lone Rock, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lone Tree, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Long Grove, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lorimor, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lost Nation, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lovilia, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Low Moor, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lowden is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lu Verne, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Luana, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lucas, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Luther, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Luxemburg, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Luzerne, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lynnville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lytton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Macedonia, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Macksburg, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Madrid, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Magnolia, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Malcom, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Mallard is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Maloy, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Malvern, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Manchester, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Manilla, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Manly, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Manning, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Manson, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Mapleton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Maquoketa, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Marathon, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Archibald Vivian Hill  was an English mathematician.
Marble Rock, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Marcus, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Marengo, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Marion, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Marne, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
The name Death's-head Hawkmoth is used for three types of moth.
Marquette, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Marshalltown, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Martelle, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Martensdale, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Martinsburg, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Marysville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Mason City, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Masonville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Massena, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Matlock, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Maurice, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Maxwell, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Maynard, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Maysville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
McCallsburg, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
McCausland, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
McClelland, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Otto Fritz Meyerhof  was a German doctor.
Frederick Grant Banting  was an Canadian doctor.
John James Richard Macleod  was an Scottish physiologist.
In computing, the Post Office Protocol version 3  is an application-layer Internet standard protocol used by local e-mail clients to get e-mail from a remote server over a IP connection.
George Weah  is a former football player.
Naohiro Takahara  is a Japanese football player.
Shunsuke Nakamura  is a Japanese football player.
Romário  is a former Brazilian football player.
Fernando Hierro  is a former Spanish football player.
Andriy Shevchenko  is a football player.
The megapodes, also known as incubator birds or mound-builders, are stocky, medium-large chicken-like birds with small heads and large feet in the family Megapodiidae, typically building a compostlike mound of decaying vegetation as an incubator for their eggs.
Super Bowl XXXVII was the thirty-seventh Super Bowl to happen.
Lyosomes are organelles found in the cytoplasm.
"Acherontia atropos" is the most widely-known of the three species of Death's-head Hawkmoth.
"Acherontia styx" is a Sphingid moth found in Asia, one of the three species of Death's-head Hawkmoth, also known as the "Bee Robber".
"Acherontia lachesis" is a large  Sphingid moth found in India and much of the Oriental region, one of the three species of Death's-head Hawkmoth, also known as the "Bee Robber".
"Xylophanes amadis" is large moth of the Family Sphingidae.
A territory  is an area which belongs to a person, organization, institution, animal or state.
Sphingidae is a family of moths , commonly known as hawk moths, sphinx moths and hornworms, that includes about 1,200 species .
"Acosmeryx socrates" is a moth of the Sphingidae family.
The Rimosus Sphinx  is a moth of the Sphingidae family.
Scarlino is a "comune"  in the Province of Grosseto in the Italian region Tuscany, located about 100 km southwest of Florence and about 25 km northwest of Grosseto.
The Takin  is a goat-antelope found in the Eastern Himalayas, Sikkim, northern Assam, northern Burma, and central and southern China.
Ryanair is an Irish airline, started in 1985.
The Ford Crown Victoria is a large, rear wheel powered automobile.
Mira is a binary star system with a white dwarf  star and a red giant .
Ferry Corsten is a musical artist that creates music in the electronica and trance varieties.
Mimicry happens when a group of organisms, called the "mimics", have evolved to share common perceived characteristics with another group, called the "models", through the selective action of a "signal-receiver" or "dupe".
A beehive is an enclosed structure in which some species of honey bees  live and raise their young.
Circe was a sorceress who trapped Odysseus and made him her lover.
The Raccoon Dog  is a member of the canid family and is indigenous to east Asia.
Sócrates  is a former Brazilian football player.
Atsushi Yanagisawa  is a Japanese football player.
Ian Harte  is a Irish football player.
Damien Duff  is a Irish football player.
Shay Given  is a Irish football player.
Dragan Stojković  is a former Serbian  football player.
Tsuneyasu Miyamoto  is a Japanese football player.
Filippo Inzaghi  is an Italian football player.
Uranus or Ouranos is a Greek god of sky and heavens.
Chyjice Village is located in the district Jičín, Hradec Kralove region.
Kenneth "Kenny" Miller, born 23 December 1979 in Edinburgh, is a Scottish footballer playing for Scottish Premier League side Rangers and the Scottish national team.
There are 542 communes in the Gironde "département", in France.
José de Espronceda, baptised José Ignacio Javier Oriol Encarnación de Espronceda y Delgado  was among the most important Spanish romanticist poets of the 19th century.
Bossugan is a commune.
Bouliac is a commune.
Bourdelles is a commune.
Bourg, Gironde is a commune.
Bourideys is a commune.
Brach is a commune.
Branne, Gironde is a commune.
Brannens is a commune.
Braud-et-Saint-Louis is a commune.
Brouqueyran is a commune.
Bruges, Gironde is a commune.
Budos is a commune.
Bègles is a commune.
Bégadan is a commune.
Béguey is a commune.
Cabanac-et-Villagrains is a commune.
Cabara is a commune.
Cadarsac is a commune.
Cadaujac is a commune.
Cadillac, Gironde is a commune.
Cadillac-en-Fronsadais is a commune.
Camarsac is a commune.
Cambes, Gironde is a commune.
Camblanes-et-Meynac is a commune.
Camiac-et-Saint-Denis is a commune.
Camiran is a commune.
Camps-sur-l'Isle is a commune.
Campugnan is a commune.
Cantenac is a commune.
Cantois is a commune.
Canéjan is a commune.
Capian is a commune.
Caplong is a commune.
Captieux is a commune.
Carbon-Blanc is a commune.
Carcans is a commune.
Cardan, Gironde is a commune.
Carignan-de-Bordeaux is a commune.
Cars, Gironde is a commune.
Cartelègue is a commune.
Casseuil is a commune.
Castelmoron-d'Albret is a commune.
Castelnau-de-Médoc is a commune.
Castelviel is a commune.
Castets-en-Dorthe is a commune.
Castillon-de-Castets is a commune.
Castillon-la-Bataille is a commune.
Castres-Gironde is a commune.
Caudrot is a commune.
Caumont, Gironde is a commune.
Cauvignac is a commune.
Cavignac is a commune.
Cazalis, Gironde is a commune.
Cazats is a commune.
Cazaugitat is a commune.
Cenon is a commune.
Cessac is a commune.
Cestas is a commune.
Chamadelle is a commune.
Cissac-Médoc is a commune.
Civrac-de-Blaye is a commune.
Civrac-en-Médoc is a commune.
Civrac-sur-Dordogne is a commune.
Cleyrac is a commune.
Coimères is a commune.
Coirac is a commune.
Comps, Gironde is a commune.
Coubeyrac is a commune.
Couquèques is a commune.
Courpiac is a commune.
Cours-de-Monségur is a commune.
Cours-les-Bains is a commune.
Coutras is a commune.
Coutures, Gironde is a commune.
Croignon is a commune.
Créon is a commune.
Cubnezais is a commune.
Cubzac-les-Ponts is a commune.
Cudos, Gironde is a commune.
Cursan is a commune.
Cussac-Fort-Médoc is a commune.
Cénac is a commune.
Cérons is a commune.
Cézac, Gironde is a commune.
Daignac is a commune.
Dardenac is a commune.
Daubèze is a commune.
Dieulivol is a commune.
Donnezac is a commune.
Donzac, Gironde is a commune.
Doulezon is a commune.
Escaudes is a commune.
Escoussans is a commune.
Espiet is a commune.
Eynesse is a commune.
Eyrans is a commune.
Eysines is a commune.
Faleyras is a commune.
Fargues, Gironde is a commune.
Fargues-Saint-Hilaire is a commune.
Flaujagues is a commune.
Floirac, Gironde is a commune.
Floudès is a commune.
Fontet is a commune.
Fossès-et-Baleyssac is a commune.
Fours, Gironde is a commune.
Francs, Gironde is a commune.
Fronsac, Gironde is a commune.
Frontenac, Gironde is a commune.
Gabarnac is a commune.
Gaillan-en-Médoc is a commune.
Gajac, Gironde is a commune.
Galgon is a commune.
Gans, Gironde is a commune.
Gardegan-et-Tourtirac is a commune.
Gauriac is a commune.
Gauriaguet is a commune.
Gensac, Gironde is a commune.
Gironde-sur-Dropt is a commune.
Giscos is a commune.
Gornac is a commune.
Goualade is a commune.
Gours, Gironde is a commune.
Gradignan is a commune.
Grayan-et-l'Hôpital is a commune.
Grignols, Gironde is a commune.
Grézillac is a commune.
Guillac, Gironde is a commune.
Guillos is a commune.
Gujan-Mestras is a commune.
Guîtres is a commune.
Génissac is a commune.
Générac, Gironde is a commune.
Haux, Gironde is a commune.
Hostens is a commune.
Hourtin is a commune.
Hure is a commune.
Illats is a commune.
Isle-Saint-Georges is a commune.
Izon is a commune.
Jau-Dignac-et-Loirac is a commune.
Jugazan is a commune.
Juillac, Gironde is a commune.
La Brède is a commune.
La Lande-de-Fronsac is a commune.
La Rivière, Gironde is a commune.
La Roquille is a commune.
La Réole is a commune.
La Sauve is a commune.
La Teste-de-Buch is a commune.
Labarde is a commune.
Labescau is a commune.
Lacanau is a commune.
Ladaux is a commune.
Lados is a commune.
Lagorce, Gironde is a commune.
Lalande-de-Pomerol is a commune.
Lamarque is a commune.
Lamothe-Landerron is a commune.
Landerrouat is a commune.
Landerrouet-sur-Ségur is a commune.
Landiras is a commune.
Langoiran is a commune.
Langon, Gironde is a commune.
Lansac, Gironde is a commune.
Lanton, Gironde is a commune.
Lapouyade is a commune.
Laroque, Gironde is a commune.
Lartigue, Gironde is a commune.
Laruscade is a commune.
Latresne is a commune.
Lavazan is a commune.
Le Barp is a commune.
Le Bouscat is a commune.
Le Fieu is a commune.
Le Haillan is a commune.
Le Nizan is a commune.
Le Pian-Médoc is a commune.
Le Pian-sur-Garonne is a commune.
Le Porge is a commune.
Le Pout is a commune.
Le Puy, Gironde is a commune.
Le Taillan-Médoc is a commune.
Le Teich is a commune.
Le Temple, Gironde is a commune.
Le Tourne is a commune.
Le Tuzan is a commune.
Le Verdon-sur-Mer is a commune.
Lerm-et-Musset is a commune.
Les Artigues-de-Lussac is a commune.
Les Billaux is a commune.
Les Esseintes is a commune.
Les Lèves-et-Thoumeyragues is a commune.
Les Peintures is a commune.
Les Salles-de-Castillon is a commune.
Les Églisottes-et-Chalaures is a commune.
Lesparre-Médoc is a commune.
Lestiac-sur-Garonne is a commune.
Lignan-de-Bazas is a commune.
Lignan-de-Bordeaux is a commune.
Ligueux, Gironde is a commune.
Listrac-Médoc is a commune.
Listrac-de-Durèze is a commune.
Lormont is a commune.
Loubens, Gironde is a commune.
Louchats is a commune.
Loupes is a commune.
Loupiac, Gironde is a commune.
Loupiac-de-la-Réole is a commune.
Lucmau is a commune.
Ludon-Médoc is a commune.
Lugaignac is a commune.
Lugasson is a commune.
Lugon-et-l'Île-du-Carnay is a commune.
Lugos is a commune.
Lussac, Gironde is a commune.
Lège-Cap-Ferret is a commune.
Léogeats is a commune.
Léognan is a commune.
Macau, Gironde is a commune.
Madirac is a commune.
Maransin, Gironde is a commune.
Marcenais is a commune.
Marcheprime is a commune.
Marcillac is a commune.
Margaux is a commune.
Margueron is a commune.
Marimbault is a commune.
Marions is a commune.
Marsas, Gironde is a commune.
Martignas-sur-Jalle is a commune.
Martillac is a commune.
Martres is a commune.
Masseilles is a commune.
Massugas is a commune.
Mauriac, Gironde is a commune.
Mazion is a commune.
Mazères, Gironde is a commune.
Mesterrieux is a commune.
Mios is a commune.
Mombrier is a commune.
Mongauzy is a commune.
Monprimblanc is a commune.
Monségur, Gironde is a commune.
Montagne, Gironde is a commune.
Montagoudin is a commune.
Montignac, Gironde is a commune.
Montussan is a commune.
Morizès is a commune.
Mouillac, Gironde is a commune.
Mouliets-et-Villemartin is a commune.
Moulis-en-Médoc is a commune.
Moulon, Gironde is a commune.
Mourens is a commune.
Mérignac, Gironde is a commune.
Mérignas is a commune.
Naujac-sur-Mer is a commune.
Naujan-et-Postiac is a commune.
Neuffons is a commune.
Noaillac is a commune.
Noaillan is a commune.
Néac is a commune.
Nérigean is a commune.
Omet is a commune.
Ordonnac is a commune.
Origne is a commune.
Paillet is a commune.
Parempuyre is a commune.
Pauillac is a commune.
Pellegrue is a commune.
Pessac is a commune.
Pessac-sur-Dordogne is a commune.
Petit-Palais-et-Cornemps is a commune.
Peujard is a commune.
Pineuilh is a commune.
Plassac, Gironde is a commune.
Pleine-Selve, Gironde is a commune.
Podensac is a commune.
Pomerol is a commune.
Pompignac is a commune.
Pompéjac is a commune.
Pondaurat is a commune.
Porchères is a commune.
Portets is a commune.
Preignac is a commune.
Prignac-en-Médoc is a commune.
Prignac-et-Marcamps is a commune.
Préchac, Gironde is a commune.
Pugnac is a commune.
Puisseguin is a commune.
Pujols, Gironde is a commune.
Pujols-sur-Ciron is a commune.
Puybarban is a commune.
Puynormand is a commune.
Périssac is a commune.
Queyrac is a commune.
Quinsac, Gironde is a commune.
Rauzan is a commune.
Reignac, Gironde is a commune.
Rimons is a commune.
Riocaud is a commune.
Rions is a commune.
Roaillan is a commune.
Romagne, Gironde is a commune.
Roquebrune, Gironde is a commune.
Ruch is a commune.
Sablons, Gironde is a commune.
Sadirac is a commune.
Saillans, Gironde is a commune.
Saint-Aignan, Gironde is a commune.
Saint-Androny is a commune.
Saint-André-de-Cubzac is a commune.
Saint-André-du-Bois is a commune.
Saint-André-et-Appelles is a commune.
Saint-Antoine, Gironde is a commune.
Saint-Antoine-du-Queyret is a commune.
Saint-Antoine-sur-l'Isle is a commune.
Saint-Aubin-de-Blaye is a commune.
Saint-Aubin-de-Branne is a commune.
Saint-Aubin-de-Médoc is a commune.
Saint-Avit-Saint-Nazaire is a commune.
Saint-Avit-de-Soulège is a commune.
Saint-Brice, Gironde is a commune.
Saint-Caprais-de-Blaye is a commune.
Saint-Caprais-de-Bordeaux is a commune.
Saint-Christoly-Médoc is a commune.
Saint-Christoly-de-Blaye is a commune.
Saint-Christophe-de-Double is a commune.
Saint-Christophe-des-Bardes is a commune.
Saint-Cibard is a commune.
Saint-Ciers-d'Abzac is a commune.
Saint-Ciers-de-Canesse is a commune.
Saint-Ciers-sur-Gironde is a commune.
Saint-Côme is a commune.
Saint-Denis-de-Pile is a commune.
Saint-Estèphe is a commune.
Saint-Exupéry, Gironde is a commune.
Saint-Ferme is a commune.
Saint-Félix-de-Foncaude is a commune.
Saint-Genis-du-Bois is a commune.
Saint-Genès-de-Blaye is a commune.
Saint-Genès-de-Castillon is a commune.
Saint-Genès-de-Fronsac is a commune.
Saint-Genès-de-Lombaud is a commune.
Saint-Germain-d'Esteuil is a commune.
Saint-Germain-de-Grave is a commune.
Saint-Germain-de-la-Rivière is a commune.
Saint-Germain-du-Puch is a commune.
Saint-Gervais, Gironde is a commune.
Saint-Girons-d'Aiguevives is a commune.
Saint-Hilaire-de-la-Noaille is a commune.
Saint-Hilaire-du-Bois, Gironde is a commune.
Saint-Hippolyte, Gironde is a commune.
Saint-Jean-d'Illac is a commune.
Saint-Jean-de-Blaignac is a commune.
Saint-Julien-Beychevelle is a commune.
Saint-Laurent-Médoc is a commune.
Saint-Laurent-d'Arce is a commune.
Saint-Laurent-des-Combes, Gironde is a commune.
Saint-Laurent-du-Bois is a commune.
Saint-Laurent-du-Plan is a commune.
Saint-Loubert is a commune.
Saint-Loubès is a commune.
Saint-Louis-de-Montferrand is a commune.
Saint-Léger-de-Balson is a commune.
Saint-Léon, Gironde is a commune.
Saint-Macaire is a commune.
Saint-Magne is a commune.
Saint-Magne-de-Castillon is a commune.
Saint-Maixant, Gironde is a commune.
Saint-Mariens is a commune.
Saint-Martial, Gironde is a commune.
Saint-Martin-Lacaussade is a commune.
Saint-Martin-de-Laye is a commune.
Saint-Martin-de-Lerm is a commune.
Saint-Martin-de-Sescas is a commune.
Saint-Martin-du-Bois, Gironde is a commune.
Saint-Martin-du-Puy is a commune.
Saint-Michel-de-Castelnau is a commune.
Saint-Michel-de-Fronsac is a commune.
Saint-Michel-de-Lapujade is a commune.
Saint-Michel-de-Rieufret is a commune.
Saint-Morillon is a commune.
Saint-Médard-d'Eyrans is a commune.
Saint-Médard-de-Guizières is a commune.
Saint-Médard-en-Jalles is a commune.
Saint-Palais, Gironde is a commune.
Saint-Pardon-de-Conques is a commune.
Saint-Paul, Gironde is a commune.
Saint-Pey-d'Armens is a commune.
Saint-Pey-de-Castets is a commune.
Saint-Philippe-d'Aiguille is a commune.
Saint-Philippe-du-Seignal is a commune.
Saint-Pierre-d'Aurillac is a commune.
Saint-Pierre-de-Bat is a commune.
Saint-Pierre-de-Mons is a commune.
Saint-Quentin-de-Baron is a commune.
Saint-Quentin-de-Caplong is a commune.
Saint-Romain-la-Virvée is a commune.
Saint-Sauveur, Gironde is a commune.
Saint-Sauveur-de-Puynormand is a commune.
Saint-Savin, Gironde is a commune.
Saint-Selve is a commune.
Saint-Seurin-de-Bourg is a commune.
Saint-Seurin-de-Cadourne is a commune.
Saint-Seurin-de-Cursac is a commune.
Saint-Seurin-sur-l'Isle is a commune.
Saint-Sulpice-de-Faleyrens is a commune.
Saint-Sulpice-de-Guilleragues is a commune.
Saint-Sulpice-de-Pommiers is a commune.
Saint-Sulpice-et-Cameyrac is a commune.
Saint-Symphorien, Gironde is a commune.
Saint-Sève is a commune.
Saint-Trojan is a commune.
Saint-Vincent-de-Paul, Gironde is a commune.
Saint-Vincent-de-Pertignas is a commune.
Saint-Vivien-de-Blaye is a commune.
Saint-Vivien-de-Monségur is a commune.
Saint-Vivien-de-Médoc is a commune.
Saint-Yzan-de-Soudiac is a commune.
Saint-Yzans-de-Médoc is a commune.
Saint-Émilion is a commune.
Saint-Étienne-de-Lisse is a commune.
Sainte-Colombe, Gironde is a commune.
Sainte-Croix-du-Mont is a commune.
Sainte-Eulalie, Gironde is a commune.
Sainte-Florence, Gironde is a commune.
Sainte-Foy-la-Grande is a commune.
Sainte-Foy-la-Longue is a commune.
Sainte-Gemme, Gironde is a commune.
Sainte-Hélène, Gironde is a commune.
Sainte-Radegonde, Gironde is a commune.
Sainte-Terre is a commune.
Salaunes is a commune.
Salignac, Gironde is a commune.
Sallebœuf is a commune.
Salles, Gironde is a commune.
Samonac is a commune.
Saucats is a commune.
Saugon is a commune.
Saumos is a commune.
Sauternes is a commune.
Sauveterre-de-Guyenne is a commune.
Sauviac, Gironde is a commune.
Savignac, Gironde is a commune.
Savignac-de-l'Isle is a commune.
Semens is a commune.
Sendets, Gironde is a commune.
Sigalens is a commune.
Sillas is a commune.
Soulac-sur-Mer is a commune.
Soulignac is a commune.
Soussac is a commune.
Soussans is a commune.
Tabanac is a commune.
Taillecavat is a commune.
Talais is a commune.
Talence is a commune.
Targon is a commune.
Tarnès is a commune.
Tauriac, Gironde is a commune.
Tayac is a commune.
Teuillac is a commune.
Tizac-de-Curton is a commune.
Tizac-de-Lapouyade is a commune.
Toulenne is a commune.
Tresses is a commune.
Uzeste is a commune.
Valeyrac is a commune.
Vayres is a commune.
Vendays-Montalivet is a commune.
Vensac is a commune.
Verdelais is a commune.
Vertheuil is a commune.
Vignonet is a commune.
Villandraut is a commune.
Villegouge is a commune.
Villenave-d'Ornon is a commune.
Villenave-de-Rions is a commune.
Villeneuve, Gironde is a commune.
Virelade is a commune.
Virsac is a commune.
Vérac is a commune.
Yvrac is a commune.
Étauliers is a commune.
Bonzac is a commune.
Bonnetan is a commune.
Bommes is a commune.
Blésignac is a commune.
Blaye is a commune.
Blasimon is a commune.
Blanquefort, Gironde is a commune.
Blaignan is a commune.
Blaignac is a commune.
Birac, Gironde is a commune.
Biganos is a commune.
Bieujac is a commune.
Beychac-et-Caillau is a commune.
Berthez is a commune.
Berson, Gironde is a commune.
Bernos-Beaulac is a commune.
Belvès-de-Castillon is a commune.
Bellefond, Gironde is a commune.
Bellebat is a commune.
Belin-Béliet is a commune.
Beautiran is a commune.
Bazas is a commune.
Bayon-sur-Gironde is a commune.
Bayas is a commune.
Baurech is a commune.
Bassens, Gironde is a commune.
Bassanne is a commune.
Barsac, Gironde is a commune.
Baron, Gironde is a commune.
Barie is a commune.
Balizac is a commune.
Baigneaux, Gironde is a commune.
Bagas, Gironde is a commune.
Ayguemorte-les-Graves is a commune.
Avensan is a commune.
Auros is a commune.
Auriolles is a commune.
Audenge is a commune.
Aubie-et-Espessas is a commune.
Aubiac, Gironde is a commune.
Asques, Gironde is a commune.
Arès is a commune.
Arveyres is a commune.
Artigues-près-Bordeaux is a commune.
Arsac is a commune.
Arcins is a commune.
Arcachon is a commune.
Arbis is a commune.
Arbanats is a commune.
Anglade is a commune.
Andernos-les-Bains is a commune.
Ambès is a commune.
Ambarès-et-Lagrave is a commune.
Aillas is a commune.
Abzac, Gironde is a commune.
Simon & Schuster Inc.
Mount Scenery is a lava dome in the Netherlands.
The Saltwater crocodile  is the largest of all living reptiles.
Dildo is a town on the southeastern Dildo Arm of Trinity Bay on the island of Newfoundland, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
The Sphinginae are a subfamily of the hawkmoths , moths of the order Lepidoptera.
The Sallow Kitten  is a lepidoptera from the family Notodontidae.
The International Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems  is a list of codes to classify diseases, including signs, symptoms, abnormal findings, social circumstances, complaints and external causes of injury or disease.
A Software agent is a piece of software  that capable of taking simple decisions to solve a problem.
The International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems 10th Revision  is list of codes of diseases and signs, symptoms, abnormal findings, complaints, social circumstances and external causes of injury or diseases.
The Barn Swallow  is the most widespread species of swallow can be found worldwide.
The Red-crowned Crane , also called the Japanese Crane or Manchurian Crane, is a large crane and is the second rarest crane in the world.
Yasuhiko Okudera  is a former Japanese football player.
Hans Ooft  is a former Dutch football player.
Ruy Ramos  is a former Japanese football player.
Sergio Echigo  is a former football player.
Takashi Mizunuma  is a former Japanese football player.
Sōta Hirayama  is a Japanese football player.
José María Gutiérrez  is a Spanish football player.
"Kyun Tum Say Itna Pyar Hai" is a Pakistani Urdu Film starring Veena Malik, Ajab Gul and Arbaz Khan.
Alessandro Nesta  is a Italian football player.
Shu Kamo  is a former Japanese football player.
Ahn Jung-Hwan  is a football player.
Pavel Nedvěd  is a football player.
Marcus Tulio Tanaka  is a Japanese football player.
İlhan Mansız  is a former football player.
Masakiyo Maezono  is a former Japanese football player.
Zico  is a former Brazilian football player.
Akihiro Nagashima  is a former Japanese football player.
Roque Santa Cruz  is a football player.
Cafu  is a Brazilian football player.
Gary Kelly  is a former Irish football player.
Luis Hernández  is a former football player.
11900 Spinoy  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 6, 1991 by E.
11905 Giacometti  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 6, 1991 by E.
11911 Angel  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 4, 1992 by C.
11912 Piedade  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 30, 1992 by E.
11913 Svarna  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 2, 1992 by E.
11914 Sinachopoulos  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 2, 1992 by E.
Eric Walter Elst is an astronomer from Belgium.
10009 Hirosetanso  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 12, 1977 by H.
10010 Rudruna  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 9, 1978 by Nikolai and Lyudmila Chernykh at the Crimean Astrophysical Observatory.
The Plaiul Groşilor River is a tributary of the Crasna River in Romania.
Crasna is a commune of Gorj County in Romania.
Albeni is a commune of Gorj County in Romania.
Aninoasa is a commune of Gorj County in Romania.
A natural gas vehicle or NGV is an alternative fuel vehicle that uses  natural gas instead of fuel.
Bustuchin is a commune of Gorj County in Romania.
7056 Kierkegaard  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 26, 1989 by E.
9001 Slettebak  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 30, 1981 by E.
9005 Sidorova  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 20, 1982 by L.
9009 Tirso is a Main Belt asteroid.
9010 Candelo is a Main Belt asteroid.
9012 Benner  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 26, 1984 by E.
A natural gas vehicle or NGV is an alternative fuel vehicle that uses  natural gas instead of fuel.
90138 Diehl  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 25, 2002 by B.
9013 Sansaturio  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 14, 1985 by E.
9016 Henrymoore  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 10, 1986 by C.
Gary Neville is an English footballer.
Michael Carrick is an English footballer.
Sidney Luft  was an American show business figure best known as the third husband of iconic American singer/actress Judy Garland.
Phil Neville is an English footballer.
Paul Scholes  is an English footballer.
Ashley Cole is an English footballer.
Jamie Carragher is an English footballer.
Ledley King is an English footballer.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on December 28, 2002.
9014 Svyatorichter  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 22, 1985 by L.
9017 Babadzhanyan  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 2, 1986 by L.
9019 Eucommia  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 28, 1987 by E.
9020 Eucryphia  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 19, 1987 by E.
9021 Fagus  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 14, 1988 by E.
9022 Drake  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 14, 1988 by C.
CADGWITH Cornwall - Cadgwith Cove is a beautiful working fishing cove on The Lizard Peninsula.
9023 Mnesthus  is a Jupiter Trojan that was found on September 10, 1988 by C.
90288 Dalleave  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 6, 2003 by the Asiago-DLR Asteroid Survey at Cima Ekar.
9032 Tanakami  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 23, 1989 by T.
9033 Kawane  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 4, 1990 by M.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on July 26, 1992.
10351 Seiichisato  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 23, 1992 by K.
10352 Kawamura  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 26, 1992 by K.
10353 Momotaro  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 20, 1992 by S.
10361 Bunsen  is a Main-belt Asteroid.
10364 Tainai  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 3, 1994 by T.
10365 Kurokawa  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 27, 1994 by T.
10366 Shozosato  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 24, 1994 by K.
10371 Gigli  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 27, 1995 by L.
11001 Andrewulff  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 16, 1979 by H.-E.
11002 Richardlis  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 24, 1979 by E.
11003 Andronov  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 14, 1979 by N.
11004 Stenmark  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 16, 1980 by C.-I.
11006 Gilson  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 9, 1980 by C.
11011 KIAM  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 22, 1981 by N.
11012 Henning  is a Main-belt Asteroid.
11013 Kullander  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 16, 1982 by C.-I.
11015 Romanenko  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 17, 1982 by N.
11016 Borisov  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 16, 1982 by L.
18004 Krystosek  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 12, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
18009 Patrickgeer  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 12, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
18012 Marsland  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 13, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
18013 Shedletsky  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 13, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
18015 Semenkovich  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 13, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
18016 Grondahl  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 13, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
A serial number is a unique number used for identification.
Socorro is a city in Socorro County and a county seat of the same county in the U.S.
Socorro is a city in El Paso County, Texas, in the United States.
18019 Dascoli  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 13, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
18020 Amend  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 13, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
18021 Waldman  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 13, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
18022 Pepper  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 13, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
18026 Juliabaldwin  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 18, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
18027 Gokcay  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 18, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
The Falkenfelsen  is a cliff northern Black Forest in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
The giant huntsman spider  is a spider of the "Heteropoda" genus.
Huntsman spider is a name given to the family Sparassidae .
The Brown huntsman spider, "Heteropoda venatoria", is found in many tropical and subtropical parts of the world, including Asia, Réunion Island, the Caribbean islands, the Southeastern US, and  Australia.
18028 Ramchandani  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 18, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on June 20, 1999.
18043 Laszkowska  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 7, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
18059 Cavalieri  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 15, 1999 by P.
15000 CCD  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 23, 1997 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.
150035 Williamson  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 20, 2005 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
15003 Midori  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 5, 1997 by T.
In anatomy, the dorsum is the upper side of animals that can run, fly, or swim in a forwards and backwards direction, and the back side of animals  that walk upright.
The clypeus is one of the sclerites that makes up the "face" of an insect.
3027 Shavarsh  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 08, 1978 by N.
3021 Lucubratio  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 06, 1967 by P.
3022 Dobermann  is a Inner Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 16, 1980 by Vavrova, Z.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on October 25, 1981.
A carapace is a dorsal section of an exoskeleton or shell in a number of animal groups.
3032 Evans  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 08, 1984 by Bowell, E.
3033 Holbaek  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 05, 1984 by Augustesen, K.
3034 Climenhaga  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 24, 1917 by Max Wolf at Heidelberg.
3028 Zhangguoxi  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 09, 1978 by Purple Mountain Observatory at Nanking.
3036 Krat  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 11, 1937 by G.
3037 Alku  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 17, 1944 by Vaisala, Y.
3038 Bernes  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 31, 1978 by Chernykh, N.
3039 Yangel  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 26, 1978 by L.
3030 Vehrenberg  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 01, 1981 by S.
4031 Mueller is a Hungaria family asteroid that was found on February 12, 1985 by Carolyn S.
Sapindaceae, also known as the soapberry family, is a family of flowering plant including maple, horse chestnut and lychee.
4032 Chaplygin  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 22, 1985 by Zhuravleva, L.
19002 Tongkexue  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 1, 2000 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
19003 Erinfrey  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 1, 2000 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
19004 Chirayath  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 2, 2000 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
19005 Teckman  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 1, 2000 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
19007 Nirajnathan  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 2, 2000 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
19008 Kristibutler  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 2, 2000 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
Abbotsford is a city in Clark and Marathon Counties in Wisconsin, United States.
9034 Oleyuria  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 26, 1990 by L.
9038 Helensteel  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 12, 1990 by Steel, D.
9040 Flacourtia  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 18, 1991 by E.
90414 Karpov  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 19, 2003 by R.
9041 Takane  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 9, 1991 by S.
Robbie Keane  is a Irish football player.
Takayuki Morimoto  is a Japanese football player.
Pablo Aimar  is an Argentine football player.
Toninho Cerezo  is a former Brazilian football player.
Iván de la Peña  is a Spanish football player.
Jorge Valdano  is a former Argentine football player.
Kazushi Kimura  is a former Japanese football player.
Takeshi Okada  is a former Japanese football player.
Yoshito Okubo  is a Japanese football player.
Diego Simeone  is a former Argentine football player.
Tsuyoshi Kitazawa  is a former Japanese football player.
Takeshi Mizuuchi  is a former Japanese football player.
Masahiro Fukuda  is a former Japanese football player.
Alfredo di Stéfano  is a former Argentine football player.
Raymond Kopa  is a former French football player.
Luis Suárez Miramontes  is a former Spanish football player.
Omar Sívori  is a former Argentine football player.
Josef Masopust  is a former football player.
Denis Law  is a former Scottish football player.
Eusébio  is a former football player.
Flórián Albert  is a former football player.
Gianni Rivera  is a former Italian football player.
Tatsuya Tanaka  is a Japanese football player.
Guillermo Stábile  is a former Argentine football player.
Angelo Schiavio  is a former Italian football player.
Edmund Conen  is a former German football player.
Leônidas da Silva  is a former Brazilian football player.
Ademir Marques de Menezes  is a former Brazilian football player.
Sándor Kocsis  is a former football player.
County Sligo is one of the 32 counties in Ireland.
A Caesar salad is a salad made with romaine lettucehearts, croutons, bacon, parmesan cheese and Caesar dressing.
Paul Robinson is an English footballer.
Gareth Barry is an English footballer.
Neil's Harbour is a small village in northern Cape Breton Island, in Nova Scotia, Canada.
Glen Johnson is an English footballer.
Ingonish is a Canadian rural community in northeastern Victoria County, Nova Scotia.
Scott Carson is an English footballer.
Gabriel Agbonlahor is an English footballer.
Ashley Young is an English footballer.
1948.
01224 is a UK dialling code for the Aberdeen, Scotland area.
01887 is a UK dialling code for the Aberfeldy, Scotland area.
01873 is a UK dialling code for the Abergavenny, Wales area.
WTVT is a Fox-affiliated television station in Tampa, Florida.
Steve Roland Prefontaine   was an American distance runner.
An urinal is a special-purpose toilet, it is only made for urinating.
In computing, blacklisting is a form of access control.
A Changing room is a special room people use to change clothes.
"Abraxas grossulariata" is a moth of the family Geometridae.
Bookworm is a popular generalization for any insect which supposedly bores through books.
9044 Kaoru  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 18, 1991 by S.
90481 Wollstonecraft  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 16, 2004 by J.
Needville is a city in Fort Bend County, Texas, United States.
Abbott is a city in Hill County, Texas, United States.
Blum is a town in Hill County, Texas, United States.
Bynum is a town in Hill County, Texas, United States.
Malone is a town in Hill County, Texas, United States.
Bear Creek is a village in Hays County, Texas, United States.
Bee Cave is a city in Travis County, Texas, United States.
Briarcliff is a village in Travis County, Texas, United States.
Pleak is a village in Fort Bend County, Texas, United States.
The Reliant Astrodome, which was called "the Astrodome", is a domed sports stadium.
The Valea Râsului River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
The Cărpinei River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
Clear Creek is a town in Eau Claire County, Wisconsin, United States.
A county, in the United States, is a form of government that is right below the state.
The Băzăvan River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
The Păltinei River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
The Peşteana River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
The Coşuştea River or Coşuştea Mare River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
The Criva River is a tributary of the Coşuştea River in Romania.
In ice hockey, a goaltender is credited with a save when they prevent a shot from entering the net.
The Racovăţ River is a tributary of the Coşuştea River in Romania.
The Coşuştea Mică River is a tributary of the Coşuştea River in Romania.
The Ilovu River is a tributary of the Coşuştea River in Romania.
The Huşniţa River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
The Huşnicioara River is a tributary of the Huşniţa River in Romania.
In team sports, a shutout  means that one team in a game prevented the other from scoring.
9052 Uhland  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 30, 1991 by F.
90525 Karijanberg  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 17, 2004 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
Goals against average  is a statistic used in ice hockey, water polo, lacrosse, and association football that is the mean of goals allowed per game by a goaltender.
90528 Raywhite  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 16, 2004 by the Catalina Sky Survey.
9053 Hamamelis  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 2, 1991 by E.
90533 Laurentblind  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 28, 2004 by C.
9054 Hippocastanum  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 30, 1991 by E.
The TIME service is an Internet protocol defined in RFC 868.
9059 Dumas  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 8, 1992 by E.
Tropical Depression Sixteen was the sixteenth, and weakest, tropical cyclone of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season.
A high pressure area  is an area where the atmospheric pressure is greater than the rest of the atmosphere.
A Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert  is a notice given out by the U.S.
90377 Sedna  is a dwarf planet.
"Boa constrictor" is a non-venomous Boa species.
Just Fontaine  is a former French football player.
Didier Deschamps  is a former French football player.
Hideki Tsukamoto  is a former Japanese football player.
Siniša Mihajlović  is a former football player.
Ryo Okatani  is a former Japanese football player.
Daisuke Matsui  is a Japanese football player.
Kiyoshi Okuma  is a former Japanese football player.
Oleg Blokhin  is a former football player.
Allan Simonsen  is a former Danish football player.
Garrincha  is a former Brazilian football player.
Vavá  is a former Brazilian football player.
Leonel Sánchez  is a former football player.
Dražan Jerković  is a former football player.
Valentin Kozmich Ivanov  is a former football player.
Grzegorz Lato  is a former Polish football player.
Mario Kempes  is a former Argentine football player.
Full Moon Party.
Paolo Rossi  is a former Italian football player.
A Network file system is a file system that allows the sharing of computer files over a network.
Masakuni Yamamoto  is a former Japanese football player.
Dino Baggio  is a former Italian football player.
Hong Myung-Bo  is a former South Korean football player.
Giancarlo Antognoni  is a former Italian football player.
Seigo Narazaki  is a Japanese football player.
Christian Vieri  is a Italian football player.
Careca  is a former Brazilian football player.
Demetrio Albertini  is a former Italian football player.
Philippe Troussier  is a French football manager.
Kunishige Kamamoto  is a former Japanese football player.
Frank Rijkaard  is a former Dutch football player.
Diego Sinagra  is a Italian football player.
Masami Ihara  is a former Japanese football player.
Noh Jung-Yoon  is a former South Korean football player.
Guido Buchwald  is a former German football player.
Edwin van der Sar  is a Dutch football player.
Hiroaki Morishima  is a former Japanese football player.
Shimizu S-Pulse is a football club which plays in Japan.
Vegalta Sendai is a football club which plays in Japan.
Omiya Ardija is a football club which plays in Japan.
Montedio Yamagata is a football club which plays in Japan.
In human anatomy, the appendix  appendix; vermix) is a blind ended tube connected to the cecum , from which it develops embryologically.
9060 Toyokawa  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 4, 1992 by S.
9062 Ohnishi  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 27, 1992 by T.
The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Cioiana River in Romania.
The Romanaţi River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
The Brătuia River is a tributary of the Cioiana River in Romania.
The Saşa River is a tributary of the Zlast River in Romania.
The Balta River is a tributary of the Topolniţa River in Romania.
The Râul Sârbului is a tributary of the Viteazu River in Romania.
The Pârâul Mare is a tributary of the Bâlta River in Romania.
The Măcriş River is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
The Auşel River is a tributary of the Taia River in Romania.
The Dobroaia River is a tributary of the Auşel River in Romania.
The Câmpa River is a tributary of the Jiul de Est River in Romania.
The Pârâul Romii is a tributary of the Romanu River in Romania.
The Valea Pârvului River is a tributary of the Dârjov River in Romania.
The Dârjov River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Gota River is a tributary of the Dârjov River in Romania.
The Jid River is a tributary of the Dârjov River in Romania.
The Cărbunari River is a tributary of the Saciova River in Romania.
The Păpăuţi River is a tributary of the Covasna River in Romania.
The Câmpşoara River is a tributary of the Câmpa River in Romania.
The Mărtoiu River is a tributary of the Brusturetul River in Romania.
The Valea Mică River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
The Pârâul Moale is a tributary of the Valea Lupului River in Romania.
The Paloşul River is a tributary of the Frumoasa River in Romania.
The Deluşelu River is a tributary of the Voineşiţa River in Romania.
The Chiara River is a tributary of the Gota River in Romania.
The Turia River is a tributary of the Gota River in Romania.
The Râul Vizuinii is a tributary of the Gota River in Romania.
The Pârâul Gruiul Lung River is a tributary of the Rudari River in Romania.
The Pârâul Ştreaurilor is a tributary of the Rudari River in Romania.
The Jangu Bradului River is a tributary of the Pârâul Ştreaurilor in Romania.
The Puru River is a tributary of the Bora River in Romania.
The Ogaşu Bora is a tributary of the Bora River in Romania.
The Pârâul Ţapului is a tributary of the Chioara River in Romania.
The Găuri River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Valea Mestecănişului River or Nireş River or Nyireş River is a tributary of the Vinul Mic River in Romania.
The Licaş River or Licoş River is a tributary of the Veleşchia River in Romania.
McGregor, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
McIntire, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Mechanicsville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Mediapolis, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Melbourne, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Melcher-Dallas, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Melrose, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Melvin, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Menlo, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Meriden, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Merrill, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Meservey, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Middletown, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Miles, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Milford, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Millersburg, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Millerton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Millville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Milo, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Milton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Minburn, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Minden, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Mingo, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Missouri Valley, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Mitchell, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Mitchellville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Modale, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Mondamin, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Monmouth, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Monona, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Monroe is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Montezuma, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Monticello, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Montour, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Montrose, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Moorhead, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Moorland, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Moravia, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Morley, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Morning Sun, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Morrison, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Moulton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Mount Auburn, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Mount Ayr, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Mount Pleasant, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Mount Sterling, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Mount Union, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Mount Vernon, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Moville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Murray, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Mystic, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Nashua, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Nemaha, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Neola, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Nevada, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
New Albin, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
New Hampton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
New Hartford, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
New Liberty, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
New London, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
New Market, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
New Providence, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
New Sharon, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
New Vienna, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
New Virginia, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Newell, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Newhall, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Newton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Nichols, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Nodaway, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Nora Springs, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
North Buena Vista, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
North English, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
North Liberty, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
The Varul River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
The Conţu River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
The Prejba River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
The Pop River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
The Valea Plaiului River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
The Valea Casei River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
The Juvertul River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
The Juverţelul River is a tributary of the Juvertul River in Romania.
Candiru  are parasitic freshwater catfish and a member of the Trichomycteridae family.
North Washington, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Northboro, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Northwood is a city of Iowa in the United States.
The Jieţ River is a tributary of the Jiul de Est River in Romania.
Norwalk, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Norway, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Numa, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Oakland, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Oakland Acres, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Oakville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Ocheyedan, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Odebolt, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Oelwein, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Ogden, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Okoboji, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Olds, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Olin, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Ollie, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Onawa, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Onslow, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Orange City, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Orchard, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Orient, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Orleans, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Osage, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Osceola, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
The Scărişoara River is a tributary of the Dealu River in Romania.
Oskaloosa, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
The Cotoru River is a tributary of the Dealu River in Romania.
The Pârâul Vulpii is a tributary of the Dealu River in Romania.
Ossian is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Osterdock, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Otho, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Oto, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Ottosen, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Ottumwa, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Owasa, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Oxford, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Oxford Junction, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Oyens, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Pacific Junction, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Packwood, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Palmer, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
The Negoiu River is a headwater of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
The Groapele River is a headwater of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
Dolphin Stadium is a stadium where football, soccer, and other sports are played.
Palo, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Panama, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Panora, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Panorama Park, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Parkersburg, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Parnell, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Paton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Patterson, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Paullina, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Pella, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Peosta, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Perry, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Persia, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Peterson, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Pierson, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Pilot Mound, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Pioneer, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Pisgah, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Plainfield, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Plano, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Pleasant Hill, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Pleasant Plain, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Pleasanton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Pleasantville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Plover, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Plymouth, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Pocahontas, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Polk City, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Pomeroy, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Popejoy, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Portsmouth, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Postville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Prairie City, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Prairieburg, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Prescott, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Preston, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Primghar, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Princeton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Promise City, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Protivin, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Pulaski, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Quasqueton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Quimby, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Radcliffe, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Rake, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Ralston, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Randalia, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Randall, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Randolph, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Rathbun, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Raymond, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Readlyn, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Reasnor, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Red Oak, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Redding, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Redfield, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Reinbeck, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Rembrandt, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Remsen, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Renwick, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Rhodes, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Riceville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Richland, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Rickardsville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Ricketts, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Ridgeway, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Rinard, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Ringsted, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Rippey, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Riverdale, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Riverside, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Riverton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Robins, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Rock Falls, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Rock Rapids, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Rock Valley, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Rockford, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Rockwell, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
9063 Washi  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 17, 1992 by T.
Rockwell City, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Rodman, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Rodney, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Roland, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Rolfe, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Rome, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Rose Hill, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
9064 Johndavies  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 21, 1993 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.
Rossie, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Rowan, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Rowley, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Royal, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Rudd, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Runnells, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Rushville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Russell, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Ruthven, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Rutland, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Ryan, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Sabula, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Sac City, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Sageville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Salem, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Salix, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Sanborn, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Sandyville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Scarville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Schaller, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Schleswig, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Scranton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Searsboro, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Sergeant Bluff, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Seymour, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Shambaugh, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Shannon City, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Sharpsburg, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Sheffield, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Shelby, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Sheldahl, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Sheldon, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Shell Rock, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Shellsburg, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Shenandoah, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Sherrill, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Shueyville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Sibley, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Sidney, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Sigourney, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Silver City, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Sioux Center, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Sioux City, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Sioux Rapids, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
9067 Katsuno  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 16, 1993 by K.
Slater, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
"Spy Kids" is the first film of the "Spy Kids" series.
Sloan, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Smithland, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Soldier, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Solon, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Somers, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
South English, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Spencer, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Spillville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Spirit Lake, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Spragueville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
9069 Hovland  is a Inner Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 16, 1993 by E.
Spring Hill, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Springbrook, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
9070 Ensab  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 23, 1993 by C.
The University of Michigan Law School  is the law school of the University of Michigan, in Ann Arbor.
90703 Indulgentia  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 8, 1988 by F.
Springville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
St.
90709 Wettin  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 12, 1990 by F.
St.
St.
St.
St.
St.
St.
St.
Stacyville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Stanhope, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Stanton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Stanwood, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
State Center, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Steamboat Rock, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Palomar Observatory is a privately owned observatory in San Diego County, California, 90 miles  southeast of Mount Wilson Observatory, on Palomar Mountain in the Palomar Mountain Range.
Addison is a city in Dallas County, Texas .
9071 Coudenberghe  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 19, 1993 by E.
A law school  is a school mostly for legal education.
90712 Wittelsbach  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 12, 1990 by F.
9073 Yoshinori  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 4, 1994 by T.
9074 Yosukeyoshida  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 31, 1994 by K.
9076 Shinsaku  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 8, 1994 by A.
The European Southern Observatory , is a research group for astronomy, made up of fourteen countries from Europe.
The Furnica Mare River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Pârâul cu Lespezi is a tributary of the Vasilatu River in Romania.
The Valea Cocinilor River is a tributary of the Vasilatu River in Romania.
The Valea Boului River or Pârâul Boului is a tributary of the Vasilatu River in Romania.
The Valea Socilor River is a tributary of the Vasilatu River in Romania.
The Valea Largă River is a tributary of the Vasilatu River in Romania.
The Pleşa River is a tributary of the Valea Largă River in Romania.
Legal education is the education of people who wish to become legal professionals or those who wish to earn their law degree.
The Stâna River is a tributary of the Pleşa River in Romania.
The Valea Lacului River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
The Izvorul Negru River is a tributary of the Uz River in Romania.
The Oreg River is a tributary of the Uz River in Romania.
The Soveto River or Sovetul River is a tributary of the Uz River in Romania.
The Copurta River or Copuria River is a tributary of the Uz River in Romania.
A wind farm is a area of land with lots of wind turbines on it.
The Chitici River is a tributary of the Uz River in Romania.
The Groza River is a tributary of the Uz River in Romania.
The Izvorul Alb River is a tributary of the Uz River in Romania.
The Mocanul River is a tributary of the Izvorul Alb River in Romania.
Brain warp is an electronic toy made by tiger electronics.
The slide rule, also known as a "slipstick", is a mechanical analog computer.
Márcio Emerson Passos  is a Brazilian football player.
Albert Nađ  is a football player.
Hajime Moriyasu  is a former Japanese football player.
Rahman Rezaei  is a football player.
Muhsin Musabah  is a former football player.
Juan Sebastián Verón  is an Argentine football player.
Claudio López  is an Argentine football player.
Wagner Lopes  is a former Japanese football player.
Motohiro Yamaguchi  is a former Japanese football player.
Álvaro Recoba  is a football player.
Roberto Abbondanzieri  is an Argentine football player.
Park Ji-Sung  is a South Korean football player.
Yoshikazu Nagai  is a former Japanese football player.
The Secăreaua River is a tributary of the Vasilatu River in Romania.
Honda F.C.
The Valea Cârpătoare River is a tributary of the Vasilatu River in Romania.
The Valea Greşurilor River is a tributary of the Vasilatu River in Romania.
The Topolniţa River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
The Costeşti River is a tributary of the Balta River in Romania.
The Gornoviţa River is a tributary of the Balta River in Romania.
The Prejna River is a tributary of the Balta River in Romania.
Tokushima Vortis is a football club which plays in Japan.
Ehime F.C.
The Chiua Mare River is a headwater of the Chiua River in Romania.
The Chiua Mică River is a headwater of the Chiua River in Romania.
The Valea Veche is a tributary of the Pârâul Moale in Romania.
"The Great Gatsby" is a book by American writer F.
The Valea Rogojinii River is a tributary of the Pârâul Moale in Romania.
Sagawa Shiga F.C.
There are 433 communes in the Aube "département" in France.
Ailleville is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Aix-en-Othe is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Allibaudières is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Amance is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Arcis-sur-Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Arconville is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Argançon is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Arrelles is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Arrembécourt is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Arrentières is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Arsonval is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Assencières is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Assenay is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Aubeterre is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Aulnay, Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Auxon, Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Avant-lès-Marcilly is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Avant-lès-Ramerupt is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Avirey-Lingey is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Avon-la-Pèze is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Avreuil is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Bagneux-la-Fosse is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Bailly-le-Franc is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Balignicourt is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Balnot-la-Grange is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Balnot-sur-Laignes is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Barberey-Saint-Sulpice is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Barbuise is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Baroville is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Bar-sur-Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Bar-sur-Seine is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Bayel is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Bercenay-en-Othe is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Bercenay-le-Hayer is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Bergères is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Bernon is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Bertignolles is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Bérulle is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Bessy is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Bétignicourt is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Beurey is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Blaincourt-sur-Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Blignicourt is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Bligny, Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Les Bordes-Aumont is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Bossancourt is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Bouilly, Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Boulages is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Bouranton is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Bourdenay is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Bourguignons is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Bouy-Luxembourg is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Bouy-sur-Orvin is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Bragelogne-Beauvoir is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Braux, Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Bréviandes is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Brévonnes is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Briel-sur-Barse is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Brienne-la-Vieille is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Brienne-le-Château is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Brillecourt is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Bucey-en-Othe is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Buchères is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Buxeuil, Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Buxières-sur-Arce is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Celles-sur-Ource is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Chacenay is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
La Chaise is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Chalette-sur-Voire is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Chamoy, Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Champfleury, Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Champignol-lez-Mondeville is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Champigny-sur-Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Champ-sur-Barse is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Channes is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Chaource is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
La Chapelle-Saint-Luc is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Chapelle-Vallon is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Chappes, Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Charmont-sous-Barbuise is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Charmoy, Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Charny-le-Bachot is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Chaserey is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Châtres, Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Chauchigny is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Chaudrey is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Chauffour-lès-Bailly is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Chaumesnil is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Chavanges is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Le Chêne is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Chennegy is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Chervey is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Chesley, Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Chessy-les-Prés is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Clérey is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Coclois is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Colombé-la-Fosse is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Colombé-le-Sec is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Cormost is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Courcelles-sur-Voire is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Coursan-en-Othe is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Courtaoult is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Courtenot is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Courteranges is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Courteron is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Coussegrey is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Couvignon is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Crancey is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Creney-près-Troyes is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Crésantignes is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Crespy-le-Neuf is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Les Croûtes is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Cunfin is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Cussangy is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Dampierre, Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Davrey is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Dienville is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Dierrey-Saint-Julien is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Dierrey-Saint-Pierre is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Dolancourt is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Dommartin-le-Coq is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Donnement is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Dosches is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Dosnon is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Droupt-Saint-Basle is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Droupt-Sainte-Marie is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Eaux-Puiseaux is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Échemines is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Éclance is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Éguilly-sous-Bois is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Engente is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Épagne is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Épothémont is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Ervy-le-Châtel is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Essoyes is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Estissac is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Étourvy is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Étrelles-sur-Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Faux-Villecerf is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Fay-lès-Marcilly is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Fays-la-Chapelle is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Ferreux-Quincey is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Feuges is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Fontaine, Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Fontaine-les-Grès is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Fontaine-Mâcon is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Fontenay-de-Bossery is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Fontette is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Fontvannes is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
La Fosse-Corduan is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Fouchères, Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Fralignes is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Fravaux is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Fresnay is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Fresnoy-le-Château is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Fuligny is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Gélannes is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Géraudot is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Les Grandes-Chapelles is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Grandville, Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Les Granges is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Gumery is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Gyé-sur-Seine is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Hampigny is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Herbisse is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Isle-Aubigny is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Isle-Aumont is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Jasseines is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Jaucourt, Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Javernant is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Jessains is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Jeugny is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Joncreuil is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Jully-sur-Sarce is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Juvancourt is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Juvanzé is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Juzanvigny is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Lagesse is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Laines-aux-Bois is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Landreville is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Lantages is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Lassicourt is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Laubressel is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Lavau, Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Lentilles is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Lesmont is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Lévigny is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Lhuître is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Lignières, Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Lignol-le-Château is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Lirey is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Loches-sur-Ource is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
La Loge-aux-Chèvres is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
La Loge-Pomblin is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Les Loges-Margueron is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Longchamp-sur-Aujon is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Longeville-sur-Mogne is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Longpré-le-Sec is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Longsols is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Longueville-sur-Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
La Louptière-Thénard is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Lusigny-sur-Barse is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Luyères is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Macey, Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Machy, Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Magnant, Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Magnicourt is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Magny-Fouchard is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Mailly-le-Camp is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Maison-des-Champs is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Tools are objects used to help make tasks easier to do.
Maisons-lès-Chaource is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Maisons-lès-Soulaines is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Maizières-la-Grande-Paroisse is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Maizières-lès-Brienne is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Maraye-en-Othe is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Marcilly-le-Hayer is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Marigny-le-Châtel is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Marnay-sur-Seine is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Marolles-lès-Bailly is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Marolles-sous-Lignières is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Mathaux is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Maupas, Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Mergey is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Le Mériot is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Merrey-sur-Arce is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Méry-sur-Seine is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Mesgrigny is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Mesnil-la-Comtesse is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Mesnil-Lettre is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Mesnil-Saint-Loup is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Mesnil-Saint-Père is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Mesnil-Sellières is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Messon is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Metz-Robert is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Meurville is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.
Puerto Escondido is an archeological site in Honduras.
Koungou is a commune in the French overseas collectivity of Mayotte.
Urea is an organic compound with the chemical formula.
Vrancea  is a county  in Romania.
In vertebrates, mucus is a slippery secretion found in vertebrates and made by covering mucous membranes.
The Păcura River is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
The Nadăş River is a tributary of the Dalnic River in Romania.
The Pârâul Cânepii is a tributary of the Dalnic River in Romania.
The Motiş River is a tributary of the Vorumloc River in Romania.
The Râul Poienii is a tributary of the Alun River in Romania.
The Valea Stânişoarei River is a tributary of the Alun River in Romania.
The Pârâul Vânătorului is a headwater of the Luncani River in Romania.
The Luna Moth  is a lime-green, Nearctic Saturniid moth in the subfamily Saturniinae.
4020 Dominique  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 01, 1981 by Bus, S.
4033 Yatsugatake  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 16, 1986 by M.
4036 Whitehouse  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 21, 1987 by H.
4037 Ikeya is an asteroid that was found in 1982 by K.
4038 Kristina  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 21, 1987 by E.
4039 Souseki  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 17, 1987 by T.
4040 Purcell  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 21, 1987 by E.
6006 Anaximandros  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 03, 1989 by Elst, E.
10101 Fourier  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 30, 1992 by Eric Walter Elst at the European Southern Observatory.
Tijs Michiel Verwest is a Dutch musician.
114239 Bermarmi  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 21, 2002 by James Whitney Young at Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on November 4, 2002.
is a main belt asteroid that was found in December 15, 2001 at Buthiers.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on August 11, 2004.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on March 9, 1997.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on February 13, 1996.
11696 Capen is a main belt asteroid that was found on March 22, 1998 by Lowell Observatory Near-Earth Object Search.
A Syrian hamster is a breed of hamster originating from Syria.
Wild Syrian hamsters are hamsters which live in the wild in Syria.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on May 31, 1990.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 22, 1990.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on February 25, 1992.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.
11754 Herbig is a Main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960 at Palomar Observatory by Cornelis Johannes van Houten, Ingrid van Houten-Groeneveld and Tom Gehrels.
12341 Calevoet is a main belt asteroid that was found on January 27, 1993 by Eric Elst.
12359 Cajigal is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 22, 1993 by Orlando Naranjo.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 15, 1995.
8041 Masumoto  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 15, 1993 by F.
10797 Guatemala  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 4, 1992 by E.
9357 Venezuela  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 11, 1992 by O.
6765 Fibonacci  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 20, 1982 by Ladislav Brožek at Kleť Observatory.
20002 Tillysmith  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 10, 1991 by R.
20004 Audrey-Lucienne  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 8, 1991 by E.
20006 Albertus Magnus  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 11, 1991 by F.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on August 29, 2000 by J.
40764 Gerhardiser  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 4, 1999.
29837 Savage  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 21, 1999 by P.
29845 Wykrota  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 22, 1999 by C.
6013 Andanike  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 18, 1991 by H.
6014 Chribrenmark  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 7, 1991 by H.
56329 Tarxien  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 28, 1999 by J.
56561 Jaimenomen  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 5, 2000 by Starkenburg Observatory at Heppenheim.
64070 NEAT  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 24, 2001 by C.
78905 Seanokeefe  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 16, 2003 by the Near-Earth Tracking  project at Palomar Observatory.
8900 AAVSO  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 24, 1995 by D.
Sudbury is a town in Middlesex County of Massachusetts in the United States.
Belleville is a city in the southeastern part of Ontario, Canada.
8721 AMOS  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 14, 1996 by AMOS at Haleakala.
13250 Danieladucato  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 19, 1998 by A.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on July 20, 1998.
132524 APL is an S-type asteroid that was found on June 13, 2006 .
Tropical Storm Nana was the fourteenth tropical storm of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season.
29401 Asterix  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 1, 1996 by M.
12796 Kamenrider  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 16, 1995 by Akimasa Nakamura at Kuma Kogen Astronomical Observatory.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on May 5, 1999.
11697 Estrella is a Main Belt Asteroid that was found on March 31, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
The sample size of a statistical sample is the number of observations that make up it.
12088 Macalintal is a Main Belt Asteroid that was found on April 20, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
68410 Nichols  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 16, 2001 by M.
71001 Natspasoc  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 7, 1999 by C.
71000 Hughdowns is a Main Belt Asteroid that was found on December 7, 1999 by Charles W.
10068 Dodoens  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 4, 1989 by E.
10538 Torode  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 11, 1991 by B.
10390 Lenka  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 27, 1997 by P.
11112 Cagnoli is a main belt asteroid that was found on November 18, 1995 at Madonna di Dossobuono.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on March 1, 1998.
11371 Camley is a Main Belt Asteroid that was found on August 17, 1998, by LINEAR at Socorro, New Mexico.
10606 Crocco  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 3, 1996 by V.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on April 21, 1998.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.
13830 ARLT  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 4, 1999 by C.
Accumulated cyclone energy  is a measure used by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration  to show the activity of each tropical cyclones and entire tropical cyclone seasons, particularly the Atlantic hurricane seasons.
20529 Zwerling  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 7, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
180731  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 13, 2004 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
172533  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 20, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
172627  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 9, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
12526 de Coninck  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 25, 1998 by E.
1253 Frisia  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 09, 1931 by Reinmuth, K.
1234 Elyna  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 18, 1931 by Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth at Heidelberg.
12339 Carloo  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 18, 1992 by E.
1233 Kobresia  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 10, 1931 by Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth at Heidelberg.
12360 Unilandes  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 22, 1993 by O.
12363 Marinmarais  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 9, 1993 by E.
9965 GNU is a C-type main belt asteroid that was found on March 5, 1992 by Spacewatch.
9793 Torvalds is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on January 16, 1996 by Spacewatch.
9882 Stallman  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 28, 1994 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.
52421 Daihoji  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 1, 1994 by A.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on January 16, 1999.
Russians are people from russia.
55555 DNA  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 19, 2001 by C.
117032 Davidlane is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on May 14, 2004 by T.
51825 Davidbrown  is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on July 19, 2001 at Palomar Observatory by the JPL Near Earth Asteroid Tracking Program.
The Avars were a powerful Turkic group.
The 2006 Central Pacific cyclone, also called 91C.INVEST or Storm 91C, was a strange weather event in 2006.
Braşov is a city that is found in Braşov County in Romania.
Traditionally, areas of tropical cyclone formation are divided into seven basins.
The Bermuda Weather Service is Bermuda's national meteorological service.
The Central Pacific Hurricane Center of the United States National Weather Service is the main body responsible for tracking and giving out tropical cyclone warnings, watches, advisories, discussions, and statements for the Central North Pacific Basin.
A Regional Specialized Meteorological Centre  is responsible for giving out information, advisories, and warnings regarding the specific program they have a part of, agreed by decision at the World Meteorological Organization as part of the World Weather Watch.
12238 Actor  is a Jupiter Trojan that was found on December 17, 1987 by E.
7803 Adachi  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 4, 1997 by T.
85030 Admetos  is a Jupiter Trojan that was found on September 24, 1960 by C.
60001 Adélka  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 4, 1999 by L.
14042 Agafonov  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 16, 1995 by T.
16155 Buddy  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 3, 2000 by J.
7420 Buffon  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 04, 1991 by Elst, E.
39335 Caccin is a main belt asteroid that was found on January 10, 2002 by CINEOS.
7121 Busch  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 10, 1989 by Borngen, F.
8256 Shenzhou is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on 25 October 1981 by the Purple Mountain Observatory.
8992 Magnanimity is an asteroid that was found on October 14, 1980 at the Purple Mountain Observatory in Nanking, China.
173075  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 16, 2006 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
12527 Anneraugh  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 1, 1998 by Lowell Observatory Near-Earth Object Search at Anderson Mesa Station.
12561 Howard  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 20, 1998 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.
12874 Poisson  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 19, 1998 by P.
7253 Nara  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 13, 1993 by F.
13543 Butler  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 2, 1992 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.
96192 Calgary is a Main Belt Asteroid that was found by Andrew Lowe on October 6, 1991.
6256 Canova is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960 by Tom Gehrels.
17305 Caniff is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960 by C.
78816 Caripito is a main belt asteroid that was found on August 4, 2003 at the Needville Observatory.
11073 Cavell  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 2, 1992 by E.
6349 Acapulco  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 8, 1995 by M.
8833 Acer  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 3, 1989 by E.
22142 Loripryor  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 1, 2000 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on January 4, 2000.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on August 7, 1997.
35358 Lorifini  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 27, 1997 by L.
29292 Conniewalker  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 24, 1993 by C.
20282 Hedberg  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 9, 1999.
45073 Doyanrose  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 7, 1999 by J.
13122 Drava  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 7, 1994 by E.
20281 Kathartman  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
20283 Elizaheller  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
20284 Andreilevin  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
20285 Lubin  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
20286 Michta  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
Abson is a hamlet in South Gloucestershire, England.
Arlington is a village in Columbia County, Wisconsin, United States.
__NOTOC__ .
15854 Numa  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 15, 1996 by V.
12575 Palmaria  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 4, 1999 by P.
12931 Mario  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 7, 1999 by S.
133527 Fredearly  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 5, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
13038 Woolston  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 2, 1990 by E.
35441 Kyoko  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 31, 1998 by M.
84224 Kyte  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 9, 2002 by R.
58707 Kyoshi  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 2, 1998 by A.
8539 Laban  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 19, 1993 by C.-I.
11438 Zeldovich  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 29, 1973 by T.
14244 Labnow  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 3, 2000 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
Received Pronunciation  is the name given to the standard accent of English used by the BBC.
Nobutoshi Kaneda  is a former Japanese football player.
Yoshikatsu Kawaguchi  is a Japanese football player.
Francesco Totti  is an Italian football player.
Celestine Babayaro  is a football player.
Takashi Fukunishi  is a Japanese football player.
Tetsuo Nakanishi  is a former Japanese football player.
Sunday Oliseh  is a former football player.
Karel Poborský  is a former football player.
Shoji Jo  is a former Japanese football player.
Julius Aghahowa  is a football player.
Takumi Horiike  is a former Japanese football player.
Michel Miyazawa  is a former Japanese football player.
Sydney F.C.
Melbourne Victory F.C.
Newcastle United Jets F.C.
People working in this area are often regarded as the lowest type of prostitutes, but street prostitution also allows for people to only work occasionally, for example when they need money to buy drugs.
"Excitebike 64" is a video game published by Nintendo and developed by Left Field Productions.
Ion Ivanovici   was a Romanian military band leader and composer.
Mihai Eminescu  , born "Mihail Eminovici", was a late Romantic poet, the best-known and most influential Romanian poet.
The pan flute or pan pipe  is an old musical instrument that has five or more pipes of gradually increasing length .
Autocephalyis the status of a church where the bishop does not report to a higher ranking bishop.
The Getae  was the name given by the Greeks to several Thracian tribes that occupied the regions south of the Lower Danube, in what is today northern Bulgaria, and north of the Lower Danube, in Romania.
The Dacians (Lat.
The Scythians or Scyths  were an Iranian speaking people of horse-riding nomadic pastoralists who dominated the Pontic steppe throughout Classical Antiquity.
Wayne Bridge is an English footballer.
Shaun Wright-Phillips is an English footballer.
Darren Bent is an English footballer.
Stewart Downing is an English footballer.
Matthew Upson is an English footballer.
Micah Richards is an English footballer.
Scott Parker is an English footballer.
Curtis Davies is an English footballer.
Jimmy Bullard is an English footballer.
This list of geological features on Ariel tells you the named geological things on the moon of Uranus called Ariel.
This is a list of named geological things on Miranda.
This is a list of named geological things on Oberon.
This is a list of named geological things on Titania.
12340 Stalle  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 18, 1992 by E.
12386 Nikolova  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 28, 1994 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.
12408 Fujioka  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 20, 1995 by Akimasa Nakamura at Kuma Kogen Astronomical Observatory.
12460 Mando  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 3, 1997 by N.
12477 Haiku  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 4, 1997 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.
Eugène Joseph Delporte  was a Belgian astronomer.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on August 8, 2005.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on January 28, 1989.
13018 Geoffjames  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 10, 1988 by E.
The Apollo asteroids are a group of asteroids near Earth named after 1862 Apollo, the first asteroid of this group to be discovered by Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth.
6354 Vangelis  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 03, 1934 by Eugène Delporte at Uccle.
13049 Butov  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 15, 1990 by L.
The term perpetual motion refers to a movement that goes on forever.
The RPG Maker is a software which can be used to develop RPG  games easily even for people that are not experienced in game design .
The Pine Hawk-moth "" is a moth of the family Sphingidae.
11240 Piso  is a Main-belt Asteroid.
11241 Eckhout  is a Main-belt Asteroid.
11251 Icarion  is a Jupiter Trojan.
Ally is a word which means a person or a group that works together with another person or a group.
Tropical Storm Laura was the twelfth named storm of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season.
8887 Scheeres  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 9, 1994 by E.
8885 Sette  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 13, 1994 by M.
The Doctrine of Implied repeal is a concept in English constitutional theory which states that an earlier Act of Parliament cannot be used to amend or repeal a later Act.
Overview.
is a main belt asteroid that was found in January 2, 2000.
7558 Yurlov  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 14, 1982 by L.
Sir John de Menteith (c.
The Zezë is a river that can be found in the western part of Albania.
The Dragova River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
DSL  is the base for a number of technologies used to transmit digital data over a telephone line.
12067 Jeter  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
12075 Legg  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
12118 Mirotsin  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 13, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
12130 Mousa  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 9, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
12182 Storm  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 27, 1973 by F.
12270 Bozar  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 16, 1990 by E.
12279 Laon  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 16, 1990 by E.
12280 Reims  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 16, 1990 by E.
12368 Mutsaers  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 7, 1994 by E.
12445 Sirataka  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 24, 1996 by T.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 22, 1990.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on January 30, 1992.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 23, 1992.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on June 26, 1998.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on January 3, 2000.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on April 7, 2000.
Ken Naganuma  is a former Japanese football player.
Masaaki Yanagishita  is a former Japanese football player.
Koichi Hashiratani  is a former Japanese football player.
Yasutaro Matsuki  is a former Japanese football player.
Takeo Takahashi  is a former Japanese football player.
Hugo Fernández  is a former football manager.
Hajime Ishii  is a former Japanese football player.
Tetsuji Hashiratani  is a former Japanese football player.
Eiji Ueda  is a former Japanese football player.
Tijani Babangida  is a former football player.
The London, Midland and Scottish Railway  pioneered the use of diesel shunting locomotives in Great Britain.
The Class 01/5 designation encompasses a variety of privately-owned shunting locomotives that are passed to be operated on the British mainline railway system.
11001 was one of the first British Railways diesel locomotives.
British Railways' 11104 locomotive was built by F.
British Rail 15107 was a locomotive commissioned by the Great Western Railway, but delivered to British Railways after nationalisation.
British Rail Class D1/1  was a class of locomotive commissioned by British Rail in England.
British Rail Class D1/3  was a locomotive commissioned by British Rail in England.
British Rail Class D2/1 was a locomotive commissioned by British Rail in England.
British Rail Class D2/5 was a locomotive commissioned by British Rail in England.
British Rail Class D2/7 was a locomotive commissioned by British Rail in England.
Yasuharu Sorimachi  is a former Japanese football player.
Takayuki Suzuki  is a Japanese football player.
Bismarck Barreto Faria  is a former Brazilian football player.
Genoa C.F.C.
U.S.
A.S.
U.S.D.
Bologna F.C.
British Rail Class D2/10 was a locomotive type commissioned by British Rail.
Torino F.C.
In 1958 Brush Traction Ltd and Beyer Peacock co-operated to produce five prototype diesel-electric shunting locomotives of 0-4-0 wheel arrangement.
Dr.
British Rail Class D2/12 was a locomotive commissioned by British Rail in England.
British Rail Class D3/1 was a locomotive commissioned by British Rail in England.
The True Cross is the name given to parts which are believed to be from the actual cross upon which Jesus was crucified.
The Southern Railway  gave the designation 2Bil to the DC third rail electric multiple units built during the 1930s to work long-distance semi-fast services on the newly electrified lines from London to Eastbourne, Portsmouth and Reading.
The Southern Railway  gave the designation 2Hal to the electric multiple units built during the late 1930s to work long-distance semi-fast services on the newly electrified lines from London to Maidstone and Gillingham .
The Southern Railway  gave the designation 5BEL to the 5-car all-Pullman electric multiple units built to work the prestigious Brighton Belle trains between London Victoria and Brighton.
The Southern Railway  gave the designations 4Cor, 4Res, 4Buf and 4Gri to the different types of electric multiple unit built to work the route between London Waterloo and Portsmouth Harbour.
7317 Cabot is a main belt asteroid that was found on March 12, 1940 by György Kulin.
21410 Cahill is a main belt asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by LINEAR.
The Southern Railway  gave the designation Sub to the wide variety of electric multiple units that were used on inner-suburban workings in the South London area.
21409 Forbes  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
The British Rail Class 411  electrical multiple units were built at Eastleigh works from 1956-63 for the newly electrified main lines in Kent.
The British Rail Class 413  units were formed in 1982 by permanently coupling two Class 414 2Hap units together.
A logical disk is a concept from computing.
The British Rail Class 414  electric multiple units were built between 1956 and 1963.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.
11423 Cronin  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 9, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
British Rail Class 415  was a suburban 750V DC third rail electric multiple unit commissioned by the Southern Region of British Railways.
The British Rail Class 416  electric multiple units were built between 1953 and 1956.
25039 Chensun is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on August 17, 1998, by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
British Rail Class 418  was a class of electrical multiple unit commissioned by British Railways Southern Region.
Robert Green is an English footballer.
25042 Qiujun is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on August 17, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
The British Rail Class 419 Motor Luggage Vans  were built from 1951-61 by BR at Eastleigh Works.
The British Rail Class 421  electrical multiple units were built at BR York Works from 1964-1972.
The British Rail Class 423  electrical multiple units were built by BR at York Works from 1967 to 1974, although the MBSOs and TSOs of the first 20, 7701-7720, were constructed at Derby Works.
25043 Fangxing is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on August 17, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
The British Rail Class 424 "Networker Classic" electric multiple unit  was built in 1997 by ADtranz at Derby.
"Always" is the most recent single by Sum 41, released on their first compilation album '.
The British Rail 4-REP electric multiple units were built by BR at York Works from 1966-1967 and 1974.
The British Rail 4-TC multiple units were unpowered fixed formation 4 carriage set  converted by BR at York Works from locomotive-hauled Mark 1 carriages in 1966-1967 and 1974.
The British Rail Class 442 "Wessex Electric"  electrical multiple units, were introduced in 1988 on the South Western Main Line from London Waterloo to Southampton Central, Bournemouth, Poole and Weymouth.
The British Rail Class 444  "Desiro" electrical multiple units were built by Siemens AG from 2003-04.
The PEP Stock were prototype electric multiple units used on British Rail's Southern Region during the early 1970s.
65769 Mahalia  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 4, 1995 by F.
Lipovans or Lippovans  are the Old Believers, mostly of Russian ethnic origin, who settled in the delta of the Danube River in Tulcea county in the Dobrogea region of eastern Romania and in the southwestern part of Odessa Oblast  as well as in Chernivtsi Oblast in Ukraine as well as in two villages in North-Eastern Bulgaria.
Class 447 was the designation given to the Electric multiple unit trains that would have run the shuttle services  between London Victoria and the entertainment complex planned for the site of the former Battersea Power Station.
The Cânaia River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
Canon is a company in Japan that produces cameras, film, and other products related to photography.
The Iujbea River is a tributary of the Cânaia River in Romania.
"This article concerns the electric multiple unit used by South West Trains.
Stephen III of Moldavia or Stephen III (c.
The British Rail Class 455 is a type of electric multiple unit drawing power from a 750 V DC third rail.
Serbs  are a South Slavic people living in the Balkans and Central Europe, mainly in Serbia, Montenegro, Bosnia-Herzegovina, and, to a lesser extent, in Croatia.
Latin America:   300,000  The Slovaks or Slovakians are a western Slavic people that primarily inhabit Slovakia and speak the Slovak language, which is closely related to the Czech language.
The British Rail Class 456 electrical multiple units were built by BREL at York Works from 1990-91.
Czechs  are a western Slavic people of Central Europe, living predominantly in the Czech Republic.
The phylum Ctenophora , commonly known as comb jellies'", is a phylum that includes the sea gooseberry  and Venus' girdle .
Croats  are a South Slavic nation mostly living in Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina and nearby countries.
The Polish people, or Poles , are a Western Slavic ethnic group of Central Europe, living mainly in Poland.
"The Histories" of Herodotus of Halicarnassus is considered the first work of history in Western literature.
The ancient Thracians were a group of Indo-European tribes who spoke the Thracian language - a rare branch of the Indo-European language family.
The South West Trains Class 458  electrical multiple units were built by Alstom at Washwood Heath between 1998 and 2000.
The British Rail Class 460  electrical multiple units were built by Alstom at Washwood Heath from 2000-01.
Titus Flavius Domitianus , commonly known as Domitian, was a Roman Emperor who reigned from 14 September 81 until his death.
The British Rail Class 465 "Networker" electric multiple units were built by Metropolitan Cammell and BREL between 1991 and 1993, and by ABB Rail between 1993 and 1994.
The Class 466 750V DC third rail electric multiple unit  is a suburban EMU, which operates with Class 465 EMUs in southeast London and Kent on the Southeastern network.
The Roman province of Dacia on the Balkans included the modern Romanian regions of Transylvania, Banat and Oltenia, and temporarily Muntenia and southern Moldova, but not the nearby regions of Moesia.
"This article concerns the trains used on the Waterloo & City Line immediately prior to its takeover by London Underground in 1994.
Carol I of Romania, original name Prince Karl Eitel Friedrich Zephyrinus Ludwig of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen, later simply of Hohenzollern , German prince, was elected Domnitor  of Romania on April 20th, 1866, following the overthrow of Alexandru Ioan Cuza.
The British Rail Class 483 electrical multiple units were originally built by Metro-Cammell as 1938 tube stock units for London Underground.
The Pechenegs or Patzinaks  were a semi-nomadic Turkic people of the Central Asian steppes speaking the Pecheneg language which belonged to the Turkic language family.
Uzès is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
The First Bulgarian Empire was a medieval Bulgarian state founded in AD 632 in the lands near the Danube Delta and disintegrated in AD 1018 after its annexation to the Byzantine Empire.
Basarab I was an early ruler of the principality of Wallachia from perhaps as early as 1310 until 1352.
Dragoş  was a Maramureş Voivode ruling over the lands of what was to become Moldavia .
The High Middle Ages was the period of European history in the 11th, 12th, and 13th centuries .
The Kingdom of Hungary , which existed from 1000 to 1918, and then from 1919 to 1946, was a considerable state in Central Europe.
The Principality of Transylvania was a semi-independent state.
The British Rail Class 485  electrical multiple units were original built for the London Electric Railway from 1923-31 as their 'Standard' tube stock.
The British Rail Class 486  electrical multiple units were originally built for the London Electric Railway from 1923-31 as their 'Standard' tube stock.
Suzerainty   is a situation in which a region or people is a tributary to a more powerful entity which allows the tributary some limited domestic autonomy to control its foreign affairs.
The British Rail Class 487 electric multiple units were built by English Electric in 1940, for use on the Waterloo & City Line.
The British Rail Class 488 are unpowered trailer sets, converted from Mark 2F coaches for the Gatwick Express service from London Victoria to Gatwick Airport.
The British Rail Class 489  is a type of electrical multiple unit, specially converted for use on Gatwick Express trains, from London Victoria to Gatwick Airport.
Second-class citizen is an informal term used to describe a person who is discriminated against within a state or other political jurisdiction, despite their status as a citizen or legal resident there.
British Rail allocated Class 499 to a fleet of six luggage vans used in electric multiple unit formations on boat train services between London and Dover.
The British Rail Class 501 electric multiple units were built in 1957/58 for use on the former LNWR/LMS suburban electric network of the London Midland Region.
The British Rail Class 502 was a type of electric multiple unit originally built by the London Midland and Scottish Railway at their Derby Works.
British Rail Class 503 trains were 70mph  electric multiple units.
The British Rail Class 504 was a unique type of electric multiple unit that ran on 1200 V DC third rail with side-contact current collection.
Alexander Joan Cuza  was a Moldavian-born Romanian politician who ruled as the first "Domnitor" of the United Principalities of Wallachia and Moldavia between 1859 and 1866.
British Railways Class 505 were 1,500 V DC electric multiple units  introduced in 1931 by the Manchester, South Junction and Altrincham Railway .
The House of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen is the cadet branch of the senior Swabian branch of the Hohenzollern dynasty, less known than the Franconian branch which became Burgraves of Nuremberg and later ruled Brandenburg-Prussia and the German Empire.
The British Rail Class 506 was a 3 carriage Electric Multiple Unit  built for local services between Manchester, Glossop and Hadfield on the Woodhead Line.
British Rail Class 507 electric multiple units were built by BREL at York works from 1978 to 1979.
The British Rail Class 508 electric multiple units  were built by BREL at York works in 1979-80.
Iaşi is a city in the northeastern part of Romania.
Class AM1 was allocated to the prototype AC electric multiple units, converted from fourth-rail DC electric stock in 1952 and used on the Lancaster/Morecambe/Heysham route.
The Russo-Turkish War of 1877–1878 had its origins in a rise in nationalism in the Balkans as well as in the Russian goal of recovering territorial losses it had suffered during the Crimean War.
The Kingdom of Roumania  was the old Romanian state based on a form of parliamentary monarchy between March 13, 1881 and December 30, 1947, specified by the First , and respectively, the Second Constitution of Roumania.
The Treaty of Trianon is the peace treaty formed at the end of World War I by the Allies of World War I, on one side, and Hungary, seen as a successor of Austria-Hungary, on the other.
The Treaty of Saint-Germain-en-Laye, was signed on 10 September 1919 by the victorious Allies of World War I on the one hand and by the new Republic of Austria on the other.
The 1920 Treaty of Paris was an act signed by Romania and the Principal Allied Powers of the time  whose purpose was the recognition of Romanian sovereignty over Bessarabia.
Bessarabia is the word for the area in Eastern Europe that is bordered by the Dniester River on the east and the Prut River on the west.
Bukovina is a historical region in both Romania and Ukraine.
The Southern Railway  gave the designation CP to the fleet of AC electric multiple units used on the former London, Brighton and South Coast Railway lines in the Crystal Palace area.
The Southern Railway  gave the designation CW to the fleet of AC electric multiple units used on the lines to Coulsdon and Wallington.
The Midland Railway experimented with electrification on its Heysham-Morecambe-Lancaster line.
The Southern Railway  gave the designation SL to the fleet of AC electric multiple units used on the former London, Brighton and South Coast Railway South London Line.
Total Operations Processing System, or TOPS, is a computer system for managing the locomotives and rolling stock  owned by a rail system.
The Battery Electric Multiple Unit was an experimental two-car Multiple unit, built at the same time and in the same style as the prototype Derby Lightweight Diesel multiple units.
Dobruja is an area between Bulgaria and Romania.
In 1937 the London and North Eastern Railway  ordered a fleet of articulated electric multiple unit  passenger trains for use on the Tyneside Electric lines, which linked the English city of Newcastle upon Tyne with the coast at North Shields and South Shields.
România Mare means "Kingdom of Roumania under the Roumanian King Ferdinand I" in the Romanian language.
During 1909-1922, the London and North Western Railway embarked on a large-scale project to electrify their whole London inner-suburban network, encompassing the lines from London Euston to Watford and the North London Railway from London Broad Street to Richmond.
Golaniad was a protest in Bucharest, Romania.
The Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway electrified urban railway lines in Liverpool and Manchester in order to improve the service offered against the competition being put up by new electric tramways.
Duchy of Courland and Semigallia was a duchy in Baltic region that existed from 1562 through 1795.
There are 706 communes in the Calvados "département" in France.
Carol II of Romania  was the king of Romania from June 8, 1930 until September 6, 1940.
The Southern Railway  gave the designation 2Nol to the electric multiple units built during the 1930s from old London and South Western Railway carriage bodies on new underframes.
Ion Victor Antonescu (June 15, 1882, Piteşti – June 1, 1946 was the prime minister of Romania from September 4, 1940 to August 23, 1944.
Ablon is a commune.
The Southern Railway  gave the designation 2SL to the small fleet of electric multiple units dedicated for use on the South London lines.
Acqueville is a commune.
Agy is a commune.
Aignerville is a commune.
Airan is a commune.
Amayé-sur-Orne is a commune.
Amayé-sur-Seulles is a commune.
Amblie is a commune.
Amfreville, Calvados is a commune.
Anctoville is a commune.
Angerville, Calvados is a commune.
Angoville, Calvados is a commune.
Anguerny is a commune.
Anisy is a commune.
Annebault is a commune.
Arganchy is a commune.
Argences is a commune.
Arromanches-les-Bains is a commune.
Asnelles is a commune.
Asnières-en-Bessin is a commune.
Auberville is a commune.
Aubigny, Calvados is a commune.
Audrieu is a commune.
Aunay-sur-Odon is a commune.
Auquainville is a commune.
Authie, Calvados is a commune.
Auvillars is a commune.
Avenay is a commune.
Balleroy is a commune.
Banneville-la-Campagne is a commune.
Banneville-sur-Ajon is a commune.
Banville is a commune.
Barbery, Calvados is a commune.
Barbeville is a commune.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune.
Baron-sur-Odon is a commune.
Barou-en-Auge is a commune.
Basly is a commune.
Basseneville is a commune.
Bauquay is a commune.
Bavent is a commune.
Bayeux is a commune.
Bazenville is a commune.
Beaufour-Druval is a commune.
Beaulieu, Calvados is a commune.
Beaumais is a commune.
Beaumesnil, Calvados is a commune.
Beaumont-en-Auge is a commune.
Bellengreville, Calvados is a commune.
Bellou is a commune.
Benerville-sur-Mer is a commune.
Bernesq is a commune.
Bernières-d'Ailly is a commune.
Bernières-le-Patry is a commune.
Bernières-sur-Mer is a commune.
Beuvillers, Calvados is a commune.
Beuvron-en-Auge is a commune.
Billy, Calvados is a commune.
Bissières is a commune.
Biéville-Beuville is a commune.
Biéville-Quétiéville is a commune.
Blainville-sur-Orne is a commune.
Blangy-le-Château is a commune.
Blay is a commune.
Blonville-sur-Mer is a commune.
Boissey, Calvados is a commune.
Bonnebosq is a commune.
Bonnemaison is a commune.
Bonneville-la-Louvet is a commune.
Bonneville-sur-Touques is a commune.
Bonnœil is a commune.
Bons-Tassilly is a commune.
Bougy is a commune.
Boulon is a commune.
Bourgeauville is a commune.
Bourguébus is a commune.
Branville is a commune.
Bretteville-l'Orgueilleuse is a commune.
Bretteville-le-Rabet is a commune.
Bretteville-sur-Dives is a commune.
Bretteville-sur-Laize is a commune.
2Wim was the designation given, by Southern Railway , to a small fleet of electric multiple units, dedicated for use on the West Croydon to Wimbledon Line.
Conceived by Oliver Bulleid for the Southern Railway's Dartford commuter route, the two 4DD electric multiple units were the only double-deck trains to run on the main line railway network in Britain.
Network SouthEast  was one of three passenger sectors of British Rail created in 1982.
The Southern Railway  gave the designation 4Lav to the electric multiple units built to work the semi-fast services on the route between London and Brighton.
The Southern Railway  gave the designations 6Pul, 6Cit and 6Pan to electric multiple units built to work the routes between London and Brighton, West Worthing and Eastbourne.
British Rail's third fundamental design of carriage was designated Mark 3, and was introduced in 1976 primarily for use on the High Speed Train .
Desiro is the brand name for a design of modular train manufactured by Siemens of Germany.
Electrostar is the name given to a series of related electric multiple-unit passenger trains manufactured by Bombardier Transportation, formerly ADtranz.
Bretteville-sur-Odon is a commune.
Bricqueville is a commune.
Brouay is a commune.
Brucourt is a commune.
Brémoy is a commune.
Bréville-les-Monts is a commune.
Bucéels is a commune.
Burcy, Calvados is a commune.
Bures-les-Monts is a commune.
Bénouville, Calvados is a commune.
Bény-sur-Mer is a commune.
Cabourg is a commune.
Cagny, Calvados is a commune.
Cahagnes is a commune.
Cahagnolles is a commune.
Cairon is a commune.
The Coradia Juniper series is a family of Electric Multiple Unit trains built by AlstomTransport Birmingham, subcontractor: Ganz Hunslet, Hungary  for use on the railway network in Great Britain.
Cambes-en-Plaine is a commune.
Cambremer is a commune.
Campagnolles is a commune.
Campandré-Valcongrain is a commune.
Campeaux, Calvados is a commune.
Campigny, Calvados is a commune.
Canapville, Calvados is a commune.
Canchy, Calvados is a commune.
Canteloup, Calvados is a commune.
Carcagny is a commune.
The Networker is a family of trains which operate on the UK railway system.
Cardonville is a commune.
Carpiquet is a commune.
Cartigny-l'Épinay is a commune.
Carville, Calvados is a commune.
Castillon, Calvados is a commune.
Castillon-en-Auge is a commune.
Castilly is a commune.
Caumont-l'Éventé is a commune.
Caumont-sur-Orne is a commune.
Cauvicourt is a commune.
Cauville is a commune.
Cernay, Calvados is a commune.
Cerqueux is a commune.
The roundworms or nematodes  are the most diverse phylum of pseudocoelomates, and one of the most diverse of all animals.
Cesny-Bois-Halbout is a commune.
Cesny-aux-Vignes is a commune.
Champ-du-Boult is a commune.
Cheffreville-Tonnencourt is a commune.
Cheux is a commune.
Chicheboville is a commune.
Chouain is a commune.
Chênedollé is a commune.
Cintheaux is a commune.
Clarbec is a commune.
Clinchamps-sur-Orne is a commune.
Clécy is a commune.
Cléville, Calvados is a commune.
Colleville-Montgomery is a commune.
Colleville-sur-Mer is a commune.
Colombelles is a commune.
Colombiers-sur-Seulles is a commune.
Colombières is a commune.
Colomby-sur-Thaon is a commune.
Combray is a commune.
Commes is a commune.
Condé-sur-Ifs is a commune.
Condé-sur-Noireau is a commune.
Condé-sur-Seulles is a commune.
Conteville, Calvados is a commune.
Coquainvilliers is a commune.
Corbon, Calvados is a commune.
Cordebugle is a commune.
Cordey is a commune.
Cormelles-le-Royal is a commune.
Cormolain is a commune.
Cossesseville is a commune.
Cottun is a commune.
Coudray-Rabut is a commune.
Coulombs, Calvados is a commune.
Coulonces, Calvados is a commune.
Coulvain is a commune.
Coupesarte is a commune.
Courcy, Calvados is a commune.
Courseulles-sur-Mer is a commune.
Courson is a commune.
Courtonne-la-Meurdrac is a commune.
Courtonne-les-Deux-Églises is a commune.
Courvaudon is a commune.
Cresserons is a commune.
Cresseveuille is a commune.
Creully is a commune.
Cricquebœuf is a commune.
Cricqueville-en-Auge is a commune.
Cricqueville-en-Bessin is a commune.
Cristot is a commune.
Crocy is a commune.
Croisilles, Calvados is a commune.
Croissanville is a commune.
Crouay is a commune.
Crèvecœur-en-Auge is a commune.
Crépon is a commune.
Culey-le-Patry is a commune.
Cully, Calvados is a commune.
Curcy-sur-Orne is a commune.
Cussy is a commune.
Cuverville, Calvados is a commune.
Damblainville is a commune.
Dampierre, Calvados is a commune.
Danestal is a commune.
Danvou-la-Ferrière is a commune.
Deauville is a commune.
Deux-Jumeaux is a commune.
Dives-sur-Mer is a commune.
Donnay is a commune.
Douville-en-Auge is a commune.
Douvres-la-Délivrande is a commune.
Dozulé is a commune.
Drubec is a commune.
Ducy-Sainte-Marguerite is a commune.
Démouville is a commune.
Ellon, Calvados is a commune.
Englesqueville-en-Auge is a commune.
Englesqueville-la-Percée is a commune.
Eraines is a commune.
Ernes is a commune.
Escoville is a commune.
Espins is a commune.
Esquay-Notre-Dame is a commune.
Esquay-sur-Seulles is a commune.
Esson is a commune.
Estry is a commune.
Estrées-la-Campagne is a commune.
Falaise, Calvados is a commune.
Familly is a commune.
Fauguernon is a commune.
Fervaques is a commune.
Feuguerolles-Bully is a commune.
Fierville-Bray is a commune.
Fierville-les-Parcs is a commune.
Firfol is a commune.
Fleury-sur-Orne is a commune.
Fontaine-Henry is a commune.
Fontaine-le-Pin is a commune.
Fontaine-Étoupefour is a commune.
Fontenay-le-Marmion is a commune.
Fontenay-le-Pesnel is a commune.
Fontenermont is a commune.
Formentin is a commune.
Formigny is a commune.
The Negovanu River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
Foulognes is a commune.
Fourches is a commune.
Fourneaux-le-Val is a commune.
The Valea Pitarului River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
Fourneville is a commune.
Fresney-le-Puceux is a commune.
Fresney-le-Vieux is a commune.
Fresné-la-Mère is a commune.
Friardel is a commune.
Frénouville is a commune.
Fumichon is a commune.
Garcelles-Secqueville is a commune.
Gavrus is a commune.
Genneville is a commune.
Gerrots is a commune.
Giberville is a commune.
Glanville, Calvados is a commune.
Glos is a commune.
Gonneville-en-Auge is a commune.
Gonneville-sur-Honfleur is a commune.
The Valea Neagră River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
Gonneville-sur-Mer is a commune.
Goupillières, Calvados is a commune.
Goustranville is a commune.
Gouvix is a commune.
Grainville-Langannerie is a commune.
Grainville-sur-Odon is a commune.
Grandcamp-Maisy is a commune.
Grandchamp-le-Château is a commune.
Grangues is a commune.
Graye-sur-Mer is a commune.
Grentheville is a commune.
The Valea Neagră River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
Grimbosq is a commune.
Guéron is a commune.
Géfosse-Fontenay is a commune.
Hamars is a commune.
Hermanville-sur-Mer is a commune.
Hermival-les-Vaux is a commune.
Heuland is a commune.
Heurtevent is a commune.
Hiéville is a commune.
Honfleur is a commune.
Hotot-en-Auge is a commune.
Hottot-les-Bagues is a commune.
Houlgate is a commune.
Hubert-Folie is a commune.
Hérouville-Saint-Clair is a commune.
The Sălişte River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
Hérouvillette is a commune.
Ifs, Calvados is a commune.
Isigny-sur-Mer is a commune.
Janville, Calvados is a commune.
Jort is a commune.
Juaye-Mondaye is a commune.
Jurques is a commune.
Juvigny-sur-Seulles is a commune.
The Mândra River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
L'Hôtellerie is a commune.
L'Oudon is a commune.
La Bazoque, Calvados is a commune.
La Bigne is a commune.
La Boissière, Calvados is a commune.
La Brévière is a commune.
La Caine is a commune.
La Cambe is a commune.
La Chapelle-Engerbold is a commune.
La Chapelle-Haute-Grue is a commune.
La Chapelle-Yvon is a commune.
La Croupte is a commune.
La Ferrière-Harang is a commune.
La Folie is a commune.
The Sebeş River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
La Folletière-Abenon is a commune.
La Graverie is a commune.
La Hoguette is a commune.
La Houblonnière is a commune.
La Lande-sur-Drôme is a commune.
La Pommeraye, Calvados is a commune.
La Rivière-Saint-Sauveur is a commune.
La Rocque is a commune.
La Roque-Baignard is a commune.
La Vacquerie is a commune.
La Vespière is a commune.
La Villette, Calvados is a commune.
The Valea lui Ionel is a headwater of the Sebeş River in Romania.
Laize-la-Ville is a commune.
Landelles-et-Coupigny is a commune.
Landes-sur-Ajon is a commune.
Langrune-sur-Mer is a commune.
Lantheuil is a commune.
Lasson, Calvados is a commune.
Lassy, Calvados is a commune.
Le Breuil-en-Auge is a commune.
Le Breuil-en-Bessin is a commune.
Le Brévedent is a commune.
Le Bény-Bocage is a commune.
The Valea lui Fătu River is a headwater of the Sebeş River in Romania.
Le Bô is a commune.
Le Bû-sur-Rouvres is a commune.
Le Désert is a commune.
Le Détroit is a commune.
Le Faulq is a commune.
Le Fournet is a commune.
Le Fresne-Camilly is a commune.
Le Gast is a commune.
Le Locheur is a commune.
Le Manoir, Calvados is a commune.
Le Marais-la-Chapelle is a commune.
Le Mesnil-Auzouf is a commune.
Le Mesnil-Bacley is a commune.
Le Mesnil-Benoist is a commune.
Le Mesnil-Caussois is a commune.
Le Mesnil-Durand is a commune.
Le Mesnil-Eudes is a commune.
Le Mesnil-Germain is a commune.
Le Mesnil-Guillaume is a commune.
Le Mesnil-Mauger is a commune.
Le Mesnil-Patry is a commune.
Le Mesnil-Robert is a commune.
Le Mesnil-Simon, Calvados is a commune.
Le Mesnil-Villement is a commune.
The Cafarul River is a tributary of the Valea lui Fătu River in Romania.
Le Mesnil-au-Grain is a commune.
Le Mesnil-sur-Blangy is a commune.
Le Molay-Littry is a commune.
Le Pin, Calvados is a commune.
Le Plessis-Grimoult is a commune.
Le Pré-d'Auge is a commune.
Le Reculey is a commune.
Le Theil-Bocage is a commune.
Le Theil-en-Auge is a commune.
Le Torquesne is a commune.
Le Tourneur is a commune.
Le Tronquay, Calvados is a commune.
Le Vey is a commune.
Leffard is a commune.
Les Autels-Saint-Bazile is a commune.
Les Authieux-Papion is a commune.
Les Authieux-sur-Calonne is a commune.
Les Isles-Bardel is a commune.
Les Loges, Calvados is a commune.
Les Loges-Saulces is a commune.
Les Monceaux is a commune.
Les Moutiers-Hubert is a commune.
The Lotrişorul River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
Les Moutiers-en-Auge is a commune.
Les Moutiers-en-Cinglais is a commune.
Les Oubeaux is a commune.
Lessard-et-le-Chêne is a commune.
Lingèvres is a commune.
Lion-sur-Mer is a commune.
Lisieux is a commune.
Lison is a commune.
Lisores is a commune.
Litteau is a commune.
Livarot is a commune.
Livry, Calvados is a commune.
Longraye is a commune.
Longues-sur-Mer is a commune.
Longueville, Calvados is a commune.
Longvillers is a commune.
Loucelles is a commune.
Louvagny is a commune.
Louvigny, Calvados is a commune.
Louvières, Calvados is a commune.
Luc-sur-Mer is a commune.
Léaupartie is a commune.
Lécaude is a commune.
Lénault is a commune.
Magny-en-Bessin is a commune.
Magny-la-Campagne is a commune.
Magny-le-Freule is a commune.
Maisoncelles-Pelvey is a commune.
Maisoncelles-la-Jourdan is a commune.
Maisoncelles-sur-Ajon is a commune.
Maisons, Calvados is a commune.
Maizet is a commune.
Maizières, Calvados is a commune.
Malloué is a commune.
Maltot is a commune.
Mandeville-en-Bessin is a commune.
Manerbe is a commune.
Manneville-la-Pipard is a commune.
Manvieux is a commune.
Marolles, Calvados is a commune.
Martainville, Calvados is a commune.
Martigny-sur-l'Ante is a commune.
Martragny is a commune.
Mathieu, Calvados is a commune.
May-sur-Orne is a commune.
Merville-Franceville-Plage is a commune.
Meslay, Calvados is a commune.
Mesnil-Clinchamps is a commune.
Meulles is a commune.
Meuvaines is a commune.
Missy, Calvados is a commune.
Mittois is a commune.
Monceaux-en-Bessin is a commune.
Mondeville, Calvados is a commune.
Mondrainville is a commune.
Monfréville is a commune.
Mont-Bertrand is a commune.
Montamy is a commune.
Montchamp, Calvados is a commune.
Montchauvet, Calvados is a commune.
Monteille is a commune.
Montfiquet is a commune.
Montigny, Calvados is a commune.
Montreuil-en-Auge is a commune.
Monts-en-Bessin is a commune.
Montviette is a commune.
Morteaux-Coulibœuf is a commune.
Mosles is a commune.
Mouen is a commune.
Moulines, Calvados is a commune.
Moult, Calvados is a commune.
Moyaux is a commune.
Mutrécy is a commune.
Méry-Corbon is a commune.
Mézidon-Canon is a commune.
Neuilly-la-Forêt is a commune.
Nonant is a commune.
Norolles is a commune.
Noron-l'Abbaye is a commune.
Noron-la-Poterie is a commune.
Norrey-en-Auge is a commune.
Notre-Dame-d'Estrées is a commune.
Notre-Dame-de-Courson is a commune.
Notre-Dame-de-Livaye is a commune.
Noyers-Bocage is a commune.
Olendon is a commune.
Ondefontaine is a commune.
Orbec is a commune.
Osmanville is a commune.
Ouffières is a commune.
Ouilly-du-Houley is a commune.
Ouilly-le-Tesson is a commune.
Ouilly-le-Vicomte is a commune.
Ouistreham is a commune.
Ouville-la-Bien-Tournée is a commune.
Ouézy is a commune.
Parfouru-sur-Odon is a commune.
Pennedepie is a commune.
Percy-en-Auge is a commune.
Perrières is a commune.
Pertheville-Ners is a commune.
Petiville, Calvados is a commune.
Pierrefitte-en-Auge is a commune.
Pierrefitte-en-Cinglais is a commune.
Pierrepont, Calvados is a commune.
Pierres, Calvados is a commune.
Placy is a commune.
Planquery is a commune.
Plumetot is a commune.
Pont-Bellanger is a commune.
Pont-Farcy is a commune.
Pont-d'Ouilly is a commune.
Pont-l'Évêque, Calvados is a commune.
Pontécoulant is a commune.
Port-en-Bessin-Huppain is a commune.
Potigny is a commune.
Poussy-la-Campagne is a commune.
Presles, Calvados is a commune.
Proussy is a commune.
Préaux-Bocage is a commune.
Préaux-Saint-Sébastien is a commune.
Prêtreville is a commune.
Putot-en-Auge is a commune.
Putot-en-Bessin is a commune.
Périers-en-Auge is a commune.
Périers-sur-le-Dan is a commune.
Périgny, Calvados is a commune.
Quetteville is a commune.
Ranchy is a commune.
Ranville is a commune.
Rapilly is a commune.
Repentigny, Calvados is a commune.
Reux is a commune.
Reviers is a commune.
Rocquancourt is a commune.
Rocques is a commune.
Rosel is a commune.
Rots is a commune.
Roucamps is a commune.
Roullours is a commune.
Rouvres, Calvados is a commune.
Rubercy is a commune.
Rucqueville is a commune.
Rully, Calvados is a commune.
Rumesnil is a commune.
Russy, Calvados is a commune.
Ryes is a commune.
Saint-Agnan-le-Malherbe is a commune.
Saint-Aignan-de-Cramesnil is a commune.
Saint-André-d'Hébertot is a commune.
Saint-André-sur-Orne is a commune.
Saint-Arnoult, Calvados is a commune.
Saint-Aubin-d'Arquenay is a commune.
Saint-Aubin-des-Bois, Calvados is a commune.
Saint-Aubin-sur-Mer, Calvados is a commune.
Saint-Benoît-d'Hébertot is a commune.
Saint-Charles-de-Percy is a commune.
Saint-Contest is a commune.
Saint-Cyr-du-Ronceray is a commune.
Saint-Côme-de-Fresné is a commune.
Saint-Denis-Maisoncelles is a commune.
Saint-Denis-de-Mailloc is a commune.
Saint-Denis-de-Méré is a commune.
Saint-Désir is a commune.
Saint-Gabriel-Brécy is a commune.
Saint-Gatien-des-Bois is a commune.
Saint-Georges-d'Aunay is a commune.
Saint-Georges-en-Auge is a commune.
Saint-Germain-Langot is a commune.
Saint-Germain-d'Ectot is a commune.
Saint-Germain-de-Livet is a commune.
Saint-Germain-de-Montgommery is a commune.
Saint-Germain-de-Tallevende-la-Lande-Vaumont is a commune.
Saint-Germain-du-Crioult is a commune.
Saint-Germain-du-Pert is a commune.
Saint-Germain-la-Blanche-Herbe is a commune.
Saint-Germain-le-Vasson is a commune.
Saint-Hymer is a commune.
Saint-Jean-de-Livet is a commune.
Saint-Jean-des-Essartiers is a commune.
Saint-Jean-le-Blanc, Calvados is a commune.
Saint-Jouin is a commune.
Saint-Julien-de-Mailloc is a commune.
Saint-Julien-le-Faucon is a commune.
Saint-Julien-sur-Calonne is a commune.
Saint-Lambert, Calvados is a commune.
Saint-Laurent-de-Condel is a commune.
Saint-Laurent-du-Mont is a commune.
Saint-Laurent-sur-Mer is a commune.
Saint-Louet-sur-Seulles is a commune.
Saint-Loup-Hors is a commune.
Saint-Loup-de-Fribois is a commune.
Saint-Léger-Dubosq is a commune.
Saint-Manvieu-Bocage is a commune.
Saint-Manvieu-Norrey is a commune.
Saint-Marcouf, Calvados is a commune.
Saint-Martin-Don is a commune.
Saint-Martin-aux-Chartrains is a commune.
Saint-Martin-de-Bienfaite-la-Cressonnière is a commune.
The Common Cuckoo  is a well known bird in many parts of the world.
Saint-Martin-de-Blagny is a commune.
Saint-Martin-de-Fontenay is a commune.
Saint-Martin-de-Mailloc is a commune.
Saint-Martin-de-Mieux is a commune.
Saint-Martin-de-Sallen is a commune.
Saint-Martin-de-la-Lieue is a commune.
Saint-Martin-des-Besaces is a commune.
Saint-Martin-des-Entrées is a commune.
Saint-Martin-du-Mesnil-Oury is a commune.
Saint-Michel-de-Livet is a commune.
Saint-Omer, Calvados is a commune.
Saint-Ouen-des-Besaces is a commune.
Saint-Ouen-du-Mesnil-Oger is a commune.
Saint-Ouen-le-Houx is a commune.
Saint-Ouen-le-Pin is a commune.
Saint-Pair is a commune.
Saint-Paul-du-Vernay is a commune.
Saint-Philbert-des-Champs is a commune.
Saint-Pierre-Azif is a commune.
Saint-Pierre-Canivet is a commune.
Saint-Pierre-Tarentaine is a commune.
Saint-Pierre-de-Mailloc is a commune.
Saint-Pierre-des-Ifs, Calvados is a commune.
Saint-Pierre-du-Bû is a commune.
Saint-Pierre-du-Fresne is a commune.
Saint-Pierre-du-Jonquet is a commune.
Saint-Pierre-du-Mont, Calvados is a commune.
Saint-Pierre-la-Vieille is a commune.
Saint-Pierre-sur-Dives is a commune.
Saint-Rémy, Calvados is a commune.
Saint-Samson, Calvados is a commune.
Saint-Sever-Calvados is a commune.
Saint-Sylvain, Calvados is a commune.
Saint-Vaast-en-Auge is a commune.
Saint-Vaast-sur-Seulles is a commune.
Saint-Vigor-des-Mézerets is a commune.
Saint-Vigor-le-Grand is a commune.
Saint-Étienne-la-Thillaye is a commune.
Sainte-Croix-Grand-Tonne is a commune.
Sainte-Croix-sur-Mer is a commune.
Sainte-Foy-de-Montgommery is a commune.
Sainte-Honorine-de-Ducy is a commune.
Sainte-Honorine-des-Pertes is a commune.
Sainte-Honorine-du-Fay is a commune.
Sainte-Marguerite-d'Elle is a commune.
Sainte-Marguerite-de-Viette is a commune.
Sainte-Marguerite-des-Loges is a commune.
Sainte-Marie-Laumont is a commune.
Sainte-Marie-Outre-l'Eau is a commune.
Sallen is a commune.
Sallenelles is a commune.
Sannerville is a commune.
Saon is a commune.
Saonnet is a commune.
Sassy, Calvados is a commune.
Secqueville-en-Bessin is a commune.
Sept-Frères is a commune.
Sept-Vents is a commune.
Soignolles is a commune.
Soliers is a commune.
Sommervieu is a commune.
Soulangy is a commune.
Soumont-Saint-Quentin is a commune.
Subles is a commune.
Sully, Calvados is a commune.
Surrain is a commune.
Surville, Calvados is a commune.
Tessel is a commune.
Thaon is a commune.
Thiéville is a commune.
Thury-Harcourt is a commune.
Tierceville is a commune.
Tilly-la-Campagne is a commune.
Tilly-sur-Seulles is a commune.
Tordouet is a commune.
Torteval-Quesnay is a commune.
Tortisambert is a commune.
Touffréville is a commune.
Touques, Calvados is a commune.
Tour-en-Bessin is a commune.
Tourgéville is a commune.
Tournay-sur-Odon is a commune.
Tournebu is a commune.
Tournières is a commune.
Tourville-en-Auge is a commune.
Tourville-sur-Odon is a commune.
Tracy-Bocage is a commune.
Tracy-sur-Mer is a commune.
Troarn is a commune.
Trois-Monts is a commune.
Trouville-sur-Mer is a commune.
Trungy is a commune.
Truttemer-le-Grand is a commune.
Truttemer-le-Petit is a commune.
Tréprel is a commune.
Trévières is a commune.
Urville, Calvados is a commune.
Ussy is a commune.
Vacognes-Neuilly is a commune.
Valsemé is a commune.
Varaville is a commune.
Vassy, Calvados is a commune.
Vaubadon is a commune.
Vaucelles is a commune.
Vaudeloges is a commune.
Vaudry is a commune.
Vauville, Calvados is a commune.
Vaux-sur-Aure is a commune.
Vaux-sur-Seulles is a commune.
The Găvan River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
Vendes is a commune.
Vendeuvre is a commune.
Ver-sur-Mer is a commune.
Versainville is a commune.
Verson is a commune.
Vicques, Calvados is a commune.
Victot-Pontfol is a commune.
Vienne-en-Bessin is a commune.
Vierville-sur-Mer is a commune.
Viessoix is a commune.
Vieux, Calvados is a commune.
Vieux-Bourg is a commune.
Vieux-Fumé is a commune.
Vieux-Pont-en-Auge is a commune.
Vignats is a commune.
Villers-Bocage, Calvados is a commune.
The Raţa River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
Villers-Canivet is a commune.
Villers-sur-Mer is a commune.
Villerville is a commune.
Villiers-le-Sec, Calvados is a commune.
Villons-les-Buissons is a commune.
Villy-Bocage is a commune.
The Moaşa River or Moaşa Sebeşului River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
The Osetul River is a tributary of the Moaşa River in Romania.
Villy-lez-Falaise is a commune.
Vimont, Calvados is a commune.
Vire is a commune.
Vouilly is a commune.
Écrammeville is a commune.
Émiéville is a commune.
Épaney is a commune.
Épinay-sur-Odon is a commune.
Épron is a commune.
Équemauville is a commune.
Éterville is a commune.
The Valea Tătarului River or Tătaru River is a tributary of the Moaşa River in Romania.
Étouvy is a commune.
Étréham is a commune.
Évrecy is a commune.
The Southern Railway , was a British railway company established in the 1923 Grouping.
An electric multiple unit or EMU is a multiple unit train consisting of many carriages using electricity as the motive power.
This page lists every locomotive allocated a TOPS classification and all modern traction (e.g.
This is a list of British Rail diesel multiple unit classes.
This page lists every electric-powered multiple unit allocated a TOPS classification or used on the mainline network since 1948 .
The 900 series classes were reserved for multiple units in departmental stock, most of which were converted from old passenger units.
British United Traction  was a joint company owned by the Associated Equipment Company and Leyland Motors which produced railway equipment and trolleybuses.
The British Rail Derby Lightweight diesel multiple units, were the first such trains to be built en-masse for British Railways.
In 1955, Metropolitan Cammell produced its first lightweight Diesel multiple units, the prototypes of what were to become British Rail's most successful and longest-lived "First Generation" DMU type, the Class 101.
British Rail produced a variety of Railbuses as a means both of building new rolling stock cheaply, and to provide services on lightly-used lines economically.
In 1933, the Great Western Railway introduced the first of what was to become a very successful series of railcars, which survived in regular use into the 1960s, when they were replaced with the new British Rail "first generation" type diesel multiple units.
The London Midland and Scottish Railway  introduced a number of railcars to service between 1933 and 1939.
Pacer is the operational name of the British Rail Class 140, 141, 142, 143 and 144 diesel multiple unit railbuses, built between 1984 and 1987.
The Sprinter is a family of diesel multiple unit trains in use on the UK railway system.
Turbostar is the name given to a series of diesel multiple units  built by Bombardier Transportation  at their Litchurch Lane Works in Derby, England.
Coradia is the name given to the range of multiple-unit inter-city and regional trains manufactured by Alstom.
The Voyager series is a group of high speed diesel electric multiple unit trains built by Bombardier Transportation in service on the UK railway network.
A diesel multiple unit or DMU is a multiple unit train consisting of multiple carriages powered by one or more on-board diesel engines.
Janus and Taurus were two shunting locomotives by the Yorkshire Engine Company and loaned to British Railways for demonstrations.
HS4000, named "Kestrel", was a prototype high-powered mainline diesel locomotive built in 1968 by Brush Traction, Loughborough to demonstrate its wares to British Railways.
8667 Fontane  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 9, 1991 by F.
8672 Morse  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 6, 1991 by Eric Walter Elst at the European Southern Observatory.
7455 Podosek  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 2, 1981 by S.
7544 Tipografiyanauka  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 26, 1976 by T.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on November 3, 1988.
GT3, meaning Gas Turbine number 3 , was a prototype mainline gas turbine locomotive built in 1961 by English Electric at their Vulcan Foundry in Newton-le-Willows to demonstrate its wares to British Railways.
DP2, meaning Diesel Prototype number 2, was a prototype Type 4 mainline diesel locomotive built in 1962 by English Electric at their Vulcan Foundry in Newton-le-Willows to demonstrate its wares to British Railways.
DP1, or Prototype Deltic is a demonstrator locomotive built by English Electric in 1955.
DHP1, meaning Diesel Hydraulic Prototype number 1, was a prototype Type 3 mainline diesel locomotive built in 1965 by Clayton to demonstrate their wares to British Railways.
D0260, named "Lion", was a prototype Type 4 mainline diesel locomotive built in 1962 by the Birmingham Railway Carriage and Wagon Company, in association with Sulzer and Associated Electrical Industries, at their Smethwick works in Birmingham to demonstrate their wares to British Railways.
D0226 and D0227 were two prototype diesel shunting locomotives built in 1956 by English Electric at its Vulcan Foundry in Newton-le-Willows to demonstrate its wares to British Railways.
British Rail 18100 was a prototype main line gas turbine-electric locomotive built for British Railways in 1951 by Metropolitan Vickers, Manchester.
British Rail 18000 was a prototype mainline Gas turbine-electric locomotive built for British Railways in 1949 by Brown, Boveri & Cie.
LNER Class Y11 was a class of petrol powered 0-4-0 locomotives built by Motor Rail & Tram Car Company Limited under their "Simplex" brand and introduced in the years 1919-1925 for the London and North Eastern Railway .
British Rail reserved the TOPS Class 97 designation for departmental locomotives.
The British Rail Class 97/6 0-6-0 diesel shunting locomotives were purpose-built for departmental duties by Ruston & Hornsby at Lincoln in 1953  or 1959 .
In 1952, the Eastern Region of British Rail introduced its own series for departmental  vehicles, including locomotives.
The Southern Railway numbered its departmental  stock, both locomotives and carriages in a series commencing at 1S.
British Rail Class ES1 was a class of two electric locomotives commissioned by the North Eastern Railway in 1902.
The British Rail Class EF1  was a class of electrically powered locomotives used by British Rail in England.
British Rail Class EE1 was an electric locomotive commissioned by the North Eastern Railway in 1922.
The British Rail Class EB1  was an electrically powered locomotive used by British Rail in England.
The BB 22200 is a class of electric locomotives in service with the French railways SNCF, built by Alsthom between 1976-1986.
The Vossloh G1206 is a B'B' diesel hydraulic freight locomotive built by Vossloh and used by several mainland European railway operators.
The British Rail Class 41 was the original classification for the power cars of the prototype High Speed Train.
The British Rail Class 43 diesel-hydraulic locomotives were built by the North British Locomotive Company  from 1960-1962.
The British Rail Class 43 is the classification used for the InterCity 125 High Speed Train power cars, built by BREL from 1976 to 1982.
The North Midland Railway was a British railway company, which opened its line from Derby to Rotherham  and Leeds in 1840.
Glasgow Corporation Tramways were formerly one of the largest urban tramway systems in Europe.
This was the tram that started the whole preservation movement when it was purchased in 1949 after a final tour of the Southampton system before closure.
The Acanthocephala  is a phylum of parasitic worms known as acanthocephales, thorny-headed worms, or spiny-headed worms, characterised by the presence of an evertable proboscis, armed with spines, which it uses to pierce and hold the gut wall of its host.
Second Polish Republic was name of Polish state from 1918  through 1939 .
Ze  is the eighth letter in the Cyrillic alphabet.
I  is the ninth letter in the Cyrillic alphabet.
Kirkby Lonsdale is a small town in Cumbria, England.
Windermere is the largest natural lake in England.
Hippolytushoef  is a town in the Dutch province of North Holland.
A storm drain, storm sewer , stormwater drain  or surface water system  is designed to drain extra rain and ground water from paved streets, parking lots, sidewalks, and roofs.
Jet streams are fast flowing, relatively narrow air currents found at the tropopause, the transition between the troposphere  and the stratosphere , and are located at 10-15 kilometers above the surface of the Earth.
Hiroki Ito  is a Japanese football player.
Noritada Saneyoshi  is a former Japanese football player.
Nobuyuki Furo  is a former Japanese football player.
Hitoshi Sogahata  is a Japanese football player.
Justice Christopher  is a former football player.
Haruna Babangida  is a football player.
Guus Hiddink  is a former Dutch football player.
Hiromi Hara  is a former Japanese football player.
Naohiro Ishikawa  is a former Japanese football player.
Yukihiko Sato  is a Japanese football player.
Eisuke Nakanishi  is a former Japanese football player.
Yutaro Abe  is a Japanese football player.
Tatsuya Enomoto  is a Japanese football player.
Daisuke Nasu  is a Japanese football player.
H.N.K.
N.K.
N.K.
Michael, King of the Romanians, Prince of Hohenzollern , reigned as King of the Romanians  from July 20, 1927 to June 8, 1930, and again from September 6, 1940, until forced to abdicate by the communists backed up by orders of Stalin to the Soviet armies of occupation on December 30, 1947.
13063 Purifoy  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 5, 1991 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.
13070 Seanconnery is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on September 8, 1991 by Eric Walter Elst.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on April 2, 1992.
13052 Las Casas  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 22, 1990 by E.
13055 Kreppein  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 14, 1990 by L.
13057 Jorgensen  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 13, 1990 by C.
13059 Ducuroir  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 18, 1991 by E.
13062 Podarkes  is a Jupiter Trojan that was found on April 19, 1991 by C.
13121 Tisza  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 7, 1994 by E.
13123 Tyson  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 16, 1994 by C.
13125 Tobolsk  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 10, 1994 by E.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on November 9, 1996.
9313 Protea  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 13, 1988 by E.
6063 Jason  is an Apollo asteroid, Venus-crosser asteroid, and Mars-crosser asteroid that was found on May 27, 1984 by Carolyn and Eugene Shoemaker at Palomar.
6239 Minos  is a Apollo asteroid and Venus-crosser asteroid that was found on August 31, 1989 by Carolyn S.
Joe Hart is an English footballer.
7092 Cadmus is a Mars-crossing asteroid and Earth-crosser asteroid that was found on June 4, 1992.
Jonathan Woodgate is an English footballer.
11066 Sigurd  is a Apollo asteroid and Mars-crossing asteroid that was found on February 9, 1992 by C.
Jermaine Jenas is an English footballer.
Tom Huddlestone is an English footballer.
32811 Apisaon  is a Jupiter Trojan that was found on October 14, 1990 by F.
17314 Aisakos  is a Jupiter Trojan that was fuond on March 25, 1971 by Cornelis Johannes van Houten and Ingrid van Houten-Groeneveld at the Palomar Observatory.
32532 Thereus  is a centaur that was found on August 9, 2001 by the Near-Earth Asteroid Tracking Project at Palomar.
31824 Elatus  is a centaur that was found on October 29, 1999 by the Catalina Sky Survey.
49036 Pelion  is a centaur that was found on August 21, 1998 by R.
52975 Cyllarus  is a Uranus-crossing asteroid and a Neptune-crossing asteroid that was found on October 12, 1998 by Nichole Danzl at Kitt Peak.
The Paris Peace Conference  resulted in the Paris Peace Treaties signed on February 10, 1947.
The Eastern Romance languages, sometimes known as the Vlach languages, are a group of Romance languages that developed in Southeastern Europe from the local eastern variant of Vulgar Latin.
54598 Bienor is a centaur and Uranus-crossing asteroid that was found on August 27, 2000 by M.
Nicolae Ceauşescu   was the President of Romania from 1965 until 1989.
†: This means it is an inner-grazer ‡: This means it is an outer-grazer .
Ion Iliescu  is a Romanian politician.
Traian Băsescu  is a Romanian politician and former Merchant Navy officer.
A Neptune-crosser asteroid is an asteroid whose orbit goes over that of Neptunes' orbit.
The President of Romania is the head of state of Romania.
Galaţi  is a city in the eastern part of Romania, .
Historische Zeitschrift, founded in 1859 by Heinrich von Sybel is considered to be the first and for a time the foremost historical journal.
Bran Castle  can be found near Bran in the area of Braşov.
The United Nations Development Programme  is the United Nations' global development network.
Tower Center International is a class A office building in Bucharest.
Jordanes , was a 6th century Roman bureaucrat, who wrote history later in life.
Eutropius was a polytheist historian for Julian the Apostate in the late 4th century.
Constantine VII "Porphyrogennetos" or "Porphyrogenitus", "the Purple-born" ,  was the son of the Byzantine emperor Leo VI and his fourth wife Zoe Karbonopsina.
"Silent Alarm" is an album by Bloc Party.
Timişoara is a city in the Banat area.
CBeebies is a children's television channel suitable for children that are 6 years old or younger.
Ploieşti is the county seat.
Shamota Tala Rinpoche  is a teacher of Tibetan Buddhism.
Brăila is a city of Muntenia, in the eastern part of Romania.
 is a Mars-crossing asteroid that was found on September 16, 2005 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
A Mars-crosser asteroid is an asteroid whose orbit crosses over that of Mars.
An Earth-crosser asteroid is an asteroid whose orbit crosses that of Earth.
†: This means the asteroid is an outer grazer.
“ Here over an acre of ground lay dead and dying people.
A Venus-crosser asteroid is an asteroid whose orbit crosses over that of Venus.
Kitti's Hog-nosed Bat , also known as the bumblebee bat, is an endangered species of bat.
"Note:These are also Earth-crosser asteroids." ‡: This means that the asteroid is also a Mercury crosser asteroid or grazer.
A Mercury-crosser asteroid is an asteroid whose orbit crosses that of Mercury.
37655 Illapa  is an Apollo asteroid, Mercury-crosser asteroid, Venus-crosser asteroid, and Mars-crosser asteroid that was found on August 1, 1994 by C.
5786 Talos  is a Apollo asteroid, Mercury-crosser asteroid, and Venus-crosser asteroid that was found on September 03, 1991 by R.
1862 Apollo is a Q-type asteroid, Apollo asteroid, Venus-crosser asteroid, and Mars-crosser asteroid that was found by Karl Reinmuth in 1932.
24761 Ahau  is an Apollo asteroid and Near-earth object that was found on January 28, 1993 by C.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on October 29, 1989 by M.
 1990 KX is a main belt asteroid that was found on May 19, 1990 by E.
13559 Werth  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 4, 1992 by L.
13579 Allodd  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 12, 1993 by E.
14174 Deborahsmall  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 10, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
142084 Jamesdaniel  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 29, 2002 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
143622 Robertbloch  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 22, 2003 by M.
14312 Polytech  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 26, 1976 by T.
14791 Atreus  is a Jupiter Trojan that was found on September 19, 1973.
14917 Taco  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 8, 1994 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.
14621 Tati  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 22, 1998 by J.
15155 Ahn  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 29, 2000 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
14965 Bonk  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 24, 1997 by N.
15374 Teta  is a Inner Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 16, 1997 by M.
13606 Bean  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 11, 1994 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.
13583 Bosret  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 9, 1993 by E.
13915 Yalow  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 27, 1982 by C.
1395 Aribeda  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 16, 1936 by Reinmuth, K.
22222 Hodios  is a Jupiter Trojan that was found on September 30, 1973.
22227 Polyxenos  is a Jupiter Trojan that was found on September 25, 1973.
The Grimsby & Immingham Electric Railway was an electric tramway network linking the township of Grimsby and the then village of Immingham in Lincolnshire.
The Chesterfield and District Tramways Company was a tramway system in the Derbyshire town of Chesterfield.
Douglas Southern Electric Tramway was a standard gauge tramway which ran from the top of Douglas Head on the Isle of Man to the nearby resort of Port Soderick atop the cliffs via a number of spectacular viaducts and bridges.
The Etruscan Shrew , also known as the Etruscan Pygmy Shrew or the White-toothed Pygmy Shrew is the smallest known mammal by mass.
Derby Tramway was tram system that serverd the city of Derby , England.
Ballan is a small town in Victoria, Australia.
George Stephenson was born on the 9 June 1781.
British Rail Class D3/3 was a 0-6-0 shunting locomotive built by British Rail at their Derby Works in England.
British Rail Class D3/5 was a shunting locomotive built by British Rail at their Darlington Works in England.
Class D3/6 were diesel shunters built in 1935 by English Electric for the London, Midland and Scottish Railway.
British Railways Class D3/7 were diesel shunters built from May 1939 through to July 1942 by the London, Midland and Scottish Railway at their Derby Works.
British Rail Class D3/9 was a class of four locomotives built by the London and North Eastern Railway at their Doncaster Works in England.
British Rail Class D3/10 was a locomotive commissioned by the Great Western Railway in England, and later taken over by British Railways.
British Rail Class D3/11 was a locomotive commissioned by the Great Western Railway, but delivered to its successor British Rail in England.
British Rail class D3/12 was a class of three diesel electric shunting locomotives built by the Southern Railway in 1937.
British Rail Class D3/14 was a diesel-electric locomotive built by the London and North Eastern Railway at its Doncaster Works.
British Railways Class D16/1 or 10000 and 10001 were the first mainline diesel locomotives in Great Britain.
British Railways 10100 was an unusual experimental diesel locomotive known informally as "The Fell Diesel Locomotive" (after Lt.
British Railways Class D16/2 was a class of prototype diesel locomotive built by BR at Ashford Works and introduced in 1950-1951, with a third example being introduced in 1954.
British Railways 10800 was a diesel locomotive built by the North British Locomotive Company for British Railways in 1950.
The British Railways Class D20/2 diesel-hydraulic locomotives were built by the North British Locomotive Company in Glasgow during 1957 and 1958.
The steam locomotives of British Railways were used by British Railways over the period 1948-1968.
TOPS Class 98 has been used to cover all steam locomotives used on the mainline in Britain, but also has a particular usage for the three Vale of Rheidol Railway-design 2-6-2T locomotives that remained in the ownership of British Rail after the end of mainline steam traction in August 1968.
Gatwick Express is the name given to the frequent rail shuttle service between Victoria station in London and Gatwick Airport in South East England.
Freightliner Group Limited are a rail freight and logistics company, founded in 1995 and now operating in the United Kingdom and Poland.
SNCF   is a French public enterprise.
Railfreight Distribution was a subsector of British Rail responsible for non-trainload freight operations, as well as Freightliner and Intermodal services.
A number of different numbering and classification schemes were used for locomotives and multiple units operated by British Railways , and this page explains the principal systems.
Motor Rail was a British locomotive-building company, based in Bedford.
The London and North Eastern Railway  was the second-largest of the "Big Four" railway companies created by the Railways Act 1921 in Britain.
Brown, Boveri & Cie  was a Swiss group of electrical engineering company.
Metropolitan-Vickers, Metrovick, or Metrovicks, was a British heavy electrical engineering company of the early-to-mid 20th century formerly known as British Westinghouse.
The British Rail Class 99 was a fleet of 14 ferries, mostly owned by Sealink, which carried rail vehicles between Britain and mainland Europe.
English Electric  was a British industrial manufacturer.
The Birmingham Railway Carriage and Wagon Company  was a railway locomotive and carriage builder, founded in Birmingham, England and, for most of its existence, located at nearby Smethwick, with the factory was divided by the boundary between the two places.
Brush Traction is a manufacturer and maintainer of railway locomotives, based at Loughborough in Leicestershire, United Kingdom situated alongside the Midland Main Line.
The Yorkshire Engine Company  was a small independent locomotive manufacturer in Sheffield, England.
The City of Ephesus was a big city in the ancient world.
The following is a timeline describing the history of the National Hockey League's teams and their histories.
Je  is a letter of the Cyrillic alphabet, used in the Serbian, Macedonian, Azeri, and Altai languages.
Craniata  is a proposed clade of chordate animals that contains the vertebrates  and Myxini  as living representatives.
Ka  is the tenth letter in the Cyrillic alphabet.
El  is the eleventh letter of the Cyrillic alphabet.
The Kingdom of Tungning was the first Han Chinese government to rule Taiwan.
Bredevoort is a small town of about 1600 inhabitants, located in the municipality of Aalten, Netherlands.
Plzeň  is the fourth largest city in the Czech Republic.
Alsace-Lorraine was a territory created by German Empire in 1871 after its victory in Franco-Prussian War.
Isah Eliakwu  is a football player.
Teruyuki Moniwa  is a Japanese football player.
Kenta Hasegawa  is a former Japanese football player.
Alcindo Sartori  is a former Brazilian football player.
Masayuki Okano  is a Japanese football player.
Mohamed Al-Deayea  is a football player.
Masaaki Sawanobori  is a former Japanese football player.
Christian Obodo  is a football player.
Willem Einthoven  was an Dutch doctor.
Stephen Makinwa  is a football player.
Obafemi Martins  is a football player.
Sho Naruoka  is a Japanese football player.
The London, Midland and Scottish Railway and the London and North Eastern Railway both developed a system of identifying carriages by means of alphabetic codes.
Shiro Kikuhara  is a former Japanese football player.
Cha Bum-Kun  is a former football player.
Parry People Movers  is a British company manufacturing lightweight railbuses that use Flywheel energy storage  to store energy for traction.
The Southern Railway created classification and numbering systems for its large fleet of electric multiple units that were perpetuated by the Southern Region of British Rail until the early 1980s, when the impact of TOPS was felt.
Virgin Trains is a train operating company in the United Kingdom, which currently provides services from London Euston to the North West, West Midlands and Scotland on the West Coast Main Line.
CrossCountry is a train operating company, the brand name of XC Trains Limited owned by Arriva, that has operated Great Britain’s Cross Country rail franchise since 11 November 2007.
East Midlands Trains  is a train operating company operating in the United Kingdom.
First Great Western is the operating name of First Greater Western Ltd, a British train operating company owned by FirstGroup, which operates services in the west and south west of England and South Wales.
Pardubice is a city in the Czech Republic.
Grand Central Railway Company Ltd is a privately-owned train operating company running services under the name Grand Central within the United Kingdom.
National Express East Anglia is a train operating company and brand name of London Eastern Railway Ltd in the United Kingdom.
National Express East Coast is the name under which the train operating company NXEC Trains Ltd operates the "InterCity East Coast" rail franchise, which includes services in England and Scotland along the East Coast Main Line.
Network Rail is a British "not for dividend" company limited by guarantee whose principal asset is Network Rail Infrastructure Limited, a company limited by shares.
Wrexham & Shropshire is the operating name of the Wrexham, Shropshire and Marylebone Railway Company, a train operating company in the United Kingdom.
London Paddington station, also known as London Paddington, or just simply Paddington, is a major National Rail and London Underground station complex in the Paddington area near central London, England.
Great North Eastern Railway  was a British train operating company, owned by Sea Containers Ltd.
The Class 901 designation is used for two former British Rail Class 101 diesel multiple units converted for departmental use.
The British Rail Class 930 was reserved for former Southern Region electrical multiple units and diesel-electric multiple units converted for departmental use.
The British Rail Class 950 is a diesel multiple unit that was purpose-built for departmental use as a track assessment unit.
The British Rail Class 951 was reserved for former diesel-electric multiple units converted for departmental use.
The British Rail Class 960 was reserved for former diesel multiple units converted for departmental use, and former electrical multiple units rebuilt as test trains.
The Multiple-purpose Vehicle or MPV is a purpose-built departmental derivative of a diesel multiple unit.
The APT-E  tilting train was the prototype Advanced Passenger Train unit.
The Advanced Passenger Train  was an experimental tilting High Speed Train developed by British Rail during the 1970s and early 1980s, which did not enter regular service.
The Class 910 designation is used by Network Rail for a fleet of former Class 488 Gatwick Express trailer sets, now used as Brake-force runner sets in departmental service.
The British Rail Class 931 was reserved for former Southern Region electrical multiple units converted for departmental use.
The British Rail Class 932 was reserved for former Southern Region electrical multiple units and diesel electric multiple unit carriages converted for departmental use.
The British Rail Class 933 was reserved for former Southern Region electrical multiple units converted for departmental use.
"Bear Behaving Badly" is children's comedy television programme.
The British Rail Class 936 was reserved for former electrical multiple units not from the South-East, converted for departmental use.
The British Rail Class 937 was reserved for former AC electrical multiple units, converted for departmental use.
The Network Rail New Measurement Train  assesses the condition of track so that engineers can determine where to work.
The term train operating company  is used in the United Kingdom to describe the various businesses operating passenger trains on the railway system of mainland Great Britain under the collective National Rail brand.
Euston station , is a major railway station to the north of central London in the London Borough of Camden and is the seventh busiest rail terminal in London .
Virgin Group Ltd is a branded venture capital organization founded by British business tycoon Sir Richard Branson.
Stagecoach Group plc  is a leading international transport group operating buses, trains, trams, express coaches and ferries.
Megatrain is a virtual no-frills intercity train service run by Scottish-based Stagecoach Group.
National Rail is a title used by the Association of Train Operating Companies.
InterCity  was introduced by British Rail in 1966 as a brand-name for its long-haul express passenger services .
0irc is an IRC client.
Courland Governorate was one of provinces or governorates of Russian Empire.
Euston tube station is a London Underground station served by the Victoria Line and both branches of the Northern Line .
Euston Square is a London Underground station at the corner of Euston Road and Gower Street, just north of University College London .
Singapore Airlines is the national airline of Singapore.
4465 Rodita  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 14, 1969 by B.
4466 Abai  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 23, 1971 by Crimean Astrophysical Observatory at Nauchnyj.
4467 Kaidanovskij  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 02, 1975 by T.
4468 Pogrebetskij  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 24, 1976 by N.
4469 Utting  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 01, 1978 by Perth Observatory at Bickley.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on August 31, 1978.
44711 Carp  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 3, 1999 by A.
4471 Graculus  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 8, 1978 by P.
"She's Hearing Voices" is a song by Bloc Party.
4472 Navashin  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 15, 1980 by N.
"A Weekend in the City" is the second studio album by Bloc Party.
Edward Cave, , was an English printer, editor and publisher.
4473 Sears  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 28, 1981 by S.
4474 Proust  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 24, 1981 by H.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on October 20, 1982.
4476 Bernstein  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 19, 1983 by Bowell, E.
Flagstaff is a city that can be found in the northern part of Arizona in the United States.
4478 Blanco  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 23, 1984 by Ferreri and Zappala at La Silla.
4479 Charlieparker  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 10, 1985 by H.
4480 Nikitibotania  is a Main-belt Asteroidthat was found on August 24, 1985 by N.
4481 Herbelin  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 14, 1985 by E.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 1, 1986.
The Great Rift Valley is a name given to a trough that is found from the northern part of Syria in Southwest Asia to the central part of Mozambique in East Africa.
A tablespoon is a kind of spoon that is mostly used for serving.
4664 Hanner  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 14, 1985 by Bowell, E.
46643 Yanase  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 23, 1995 by A.
46644 Lagia  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 19, 1995 by A.
4661 Yebes  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 17, 1982 by M.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on March 19, 1993.
is a main belt asteroid that was found on March 21, 1993.
10433 Ponsen  is a Main-belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.
10452 Zuev  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 25, 1976 by N.
10445 Coster  is a Main-belt asteroid that was found on September 29, 1973.
10449 Takuma  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 16, 1936 by M.
4602 Heudier  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 28, 1986 by CERGA at Caussols.
1356 Nyanza  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 03, 1935 by C.
13557 Lievetruwant  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 24, 1992 by H.
1360 Tarka  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 22, 1935 by C.
16002 Bertin  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 15, 1999 by the OCA-DLR Asteroid Survey at Caussols.
16014 Sinha  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 10, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
16015 Snell  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 10, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
15947 Milligan  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 2, 1998 by J.
1595 Tanga  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 19, 1930 by C.
15957 Gemoore  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 22, 1998 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.
15964 Billgray  is a Inner Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 19, 1998 by J.
14814 Gurij  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 7, 1981 by L.
14582 Conlin  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 14, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
15129 Sparks  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 9, 2000 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
15019 Gingold  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 29, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
1488 Aura  is a Main-belt Asteroid discovered on December 15, 1938 by Vaisala, Y.
1487 Boda  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 17, 1938 by Reinmuth, K.
1499 Pori  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 16, 1938 by Y.
15627 Hong  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 29, 2000 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
15460 Manca  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 25, 1998 by A.
15415 Rika  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 4, 1998 by A.
16036 Moroz  is a Main-belt asteroid that was found on April 10, 1999 by the Lowell Observatory Near-Earth Object Search at the Anderson Mesa Station.
1602 Indiana is a Main belt asteroid that was found at Goethe Link Observatory near Brooklyn, Indiana by the Indiana Asteroid Program in 1950.
16017 Street  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 12, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
16020 Tevelde  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 12, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
1603 Neva  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 04, 1926 by G.
15986 Fienga  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 7, 1998 by the OCA-DLR Asteroid Survey at Caussols.
16012 Jamierubin  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 10, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
16445 Klimt  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 3, 1989 by E.
1645 Waterfield  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 24, 1933 by K.
16452 Goldfinger  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 28, 1989 by C.
1649 Fabre  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 27, 1951 by Boyer, L.
1648 Shajna  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 05, 1935 by P.
1660 Wood  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 07, 1953 by J.
1661 Granule is a Main belt asteroid that was found by Max Wolf on March 31, 1916.
1594 Danjon  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 23, 1949 by Boyer, L.
14116 Ogea  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 17, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
14092 Gaily  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 29, 1997 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.
The University of Oregon is a public university in Eugene, Oregon in the United States.
1357 Khama  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 02, 1935 by C.
1358 Gaika  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 21, 1935 by Jackson, C.
Eugene is a city of Oregon in the United States.
13954 Born  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 13, 1990 by F.
1371 Resi  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 31, 1935 by K.
1370 Hella  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 31, 1935 by Reinmuth, K.
13647 Rey  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 20, 1996 by E.
1394 Algoa  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 12, 1936 by Cyril V.
Bill Bowerman  was an American track and field coach at the University of Oregon.
13715 Steed  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 17, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
13716 Trevino  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 17, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
Phil Knight is an American businessman who was one of the first owners of Nike, Inc.
Saint-Babel it is a place and commune in the France, in region Owernia, w departamencie Puy-de-Dôme.
Kevin-Prince Boateng, also known as "The Ghetto Kid", is a professional football player who was born on March 6, 1987 in Berlin, Germany.
Katsuo Kanda  is a former Japanese football player.
Norio Takahashi  is a former Japanese football player.
Hidehiko Shimizu  is a former Japanese football player.
A Third baseman is a person in baseball that covers Third base.
Hisato Satō  is a Japanese football player.
Nobuyuki Zaizen  is a Japanese football player.
Ryuichi Kamiyama  is a Japanese football player.
Kazuaki Nagasawa  is a former Japanese football player.
Ariel Ortega  is an Argentine football player.
Yoshiteru Yamashita  is a Japanese football player.
Isao Homma  is a Japanese football player.
Hiroshi Fukushima  is a Japanese football player.
Kim Byung-Ji  is a South Korean football player.
Koji Yamase  is a Japanese football player.
The Scottish Parliament  is the devolved national legislature of Scotland in the capital Edinburgh.
Joseph Banks Rhine  (usually known as J.
Joule's laws are two laws about heat produced by an electric current and the energy dependence of a gas to pressure, volume, and temperature.
The Pinnacle Point Man is a Homo sapiens found in the "Pinnacle-Point cave".
"Bloc Party" is an EP of songs in Bloc Party's first two  singles: "She's Hearing Voices" and "Banquet/Staying Fat".
"Helicopter" is a song by British band Bloc Party.
"Pioneers" is a single by Bloc Party from their album Silent Alarm.
Courland is one of historical regions of Latvia.
Bivona  is a little town of the Province of Agrigento in Sicily.
Fox Lane Middle School is a 6th, 7th and 8th grade school in Bedford, New York.
Katonahis a hamlet in the town of Bedford in Westchester, New York.
Matt Smith is a British actor who will be playing the role of Doctor Who in the poplular television series.
14065 Flegel  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 11, 1996 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.
14088 Ancus  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 3, 1997 by V.
14424 Laval  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 30, 1991 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.
15497 Lucca  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 23, 1999 by S.
1665 Gaby  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 27, 1930 by Reinmuth, K.
1667 Pels  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 16, 1930 by H.
1668 Hanna  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 24, 1933 by Reinmuth, K.
16672 Bedini  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 17, 1994 by A.
An internet leak is when someone's personal property is given away to the public on the Internet.
1664 Felix  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 04, 1929 by E.
1691 Oort  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 09, 1956 by K.
1694 Kaiser  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 29, 1934 by H.
16745 Zappa  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 9, 1996 at Osservatorio San Vittore, Italy.
16761 Hertz  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 3, 1996 by V.
1676 Kariba  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 15, 1939 by C.
1703 Barry is a Main belt asteroid that was found by Max Wolf on September 2, 1930.
17022 Huisjen  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 18, 1999 by Lowell Observatory Near-Earth Object Search at Anderson Mesa Station.
17032 Edlu  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 22, 1999 by Lowell Observatory Near-Earth Object Search at Anderson Mesa Station.
1705 Tapio  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 29, 1941 by L.
1682 Karel  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 02, 1949 by K.
1672 Gezelle  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 29, 1935 by Delporte, E.
1671 Chaika  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 03, 1934 by Neujmin, G.
16700 Seiwa  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 22, 1995 by T.
13551 Gadsden  is a Mars-crossing Asteroid that was found on March 26, 1992 by R.
11111 Repunit  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 16, 1995 by T.
11115 Kariya  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 21, 1995 by A.
1796 Riga  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 16, 1966 by N.
 1937 UD is a Mars-crosser asteroid that was found by Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth at Heidelberg on October 26, 1937.
 1951 RX is an asteroid that was found by Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth at Heidelberg on September 4, 1951.
 5179 T-3 is an asteroid that was found by Ingrid van Houten-Groeneveld and her husband Cornelis Johannes van Houten at Palomar on October 16, 1977.
19148 Alaska  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 28, 1989 by E.
19426 Leal  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
1930 Lucifer  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 29, 1964 by E.
1927 Suvanto  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 18, 1936 by R.
1928 Summa  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 21, 1938 by Y.
19310 Osawa  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 4, 1996 by I.
1923 Osiris  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960 by Cornelis Johannes van Houten and Ingrid van Houten-Groeneveld at Leiden.
1924 Horus  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960 by Cornelis Johannes van Houten and Ingrid van Houten-Groeneveld at Leiden.
19224 Orosei  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 15, 1993 by A.
19582 Blow  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 13, 1999 by J.
1941 Wild  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 06, 1931 by K.
1939 Loretta  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 17, 1974 by C.
1896 Beer  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 26, 1971 by Kohoutek, L.
1881 Shao  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 03, 1940 by K.
1883 Rimito  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 4, 1942 by Y.
1882 Rauma  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 15, 1941 by L.
18658 Rajdev  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
18638 Nouet  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 2, 1998 by the OCA-DLR Asteroid Survey at Caussols.
18661 Zoccoli  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
1884 Skip  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 02, 1943 by M.
18987 Irani  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 1, 2000 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
19129 Loos  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 10, 1988 by A.
18110 HASI  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 5, 2000 by Lowell Observatory Near-Earth-Object Search at Lowell Observatory.
18111 Pinet  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 5, 2000.
18119 Braude  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 4, 2000 by the Lowell Observatory Near-Earth Object Search at the Anderson Mesa Station.
17970 Palepu  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 10, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
17952 Folsom  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 10, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
1814 Bach  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 09, 1931 by Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth at Heidelberg.
18281 Tros  is a Jupiter Trojan that was found on October 16, 1977 by C.
18282 Ilos  is a Jupiter Trojan that was found on October 16, 1977 by C.
18132 Spector  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 30, 2000 by J.
1830 Pogson  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 17, 1968 by P.
18112 Jeanlucjosset  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 5, 2000.
18117 Jonhodge  is a Main-belt asteroid that was found on July 5, 2000 by the LONEOS program at the Anderson Mesa Station of the Lowell Observatory near Flagstaff, Arizona.
18124 Leeperry  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 3, 2000 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
18128 Wysner  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 24, 2000 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
18360 Sachs  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 10, 1990 by F.
1837 Osita  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 16, 1971 by J.
18321 Bobrov  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 25, 1982 by L.
18334 Drozdov  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 2, 1987 by L.
Alexander Rae "Alec" Baldwin III  is an American actor, the oldest and probably the most well-known of the Baldwin brothers, a family who has been important in film and television.
1832 Mrkos  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 11, 1969 by L.
18162 Denlea  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 1, 2000 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
18376 Quirk  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 30, 1991 by R.
1838 Ursa  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 20, 1971 by P.
1840 Hus is a main belt asteroid that was found on 26 October 1971 by Luboš Kohoutek.
1842 Hynek  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 14, 1972 by Kohoutek, L.
18084 Adamwohl  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 29, 2000 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
18099 Flamini  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 6, 2000 by the Lowell Observatory Near-Earth Object Search at the Anderson Mesa Station.
18092 Reinhold  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 28, 2000 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
17950 Grover  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 10, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
17460 Mang  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 10, 1990 by L.
17458 Dick  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 13, 1990 by L.
17472 Dinah  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 17, 1991 by T.
17488 Mantl  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 2, 1991 by L.
17486 Hodler  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 10, 1991 by F.
17493 Wildcat  is a Mars-crossing Asteroid that was found on December 31, 1991 by C.
17447 Heindl  is a Inner Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 25, 1990 by E.
1747 Wright  is a Mars-crossing Asteroid that was found on July 14, 1947 by C.
17241 Wooden  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 11, 2000by the Lowell Observatory Near-Earth Object Search at the Anderson Mesa Station.
17247 Vanverst  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 7, 2000 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
17258 Whalen  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 29, 2000 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
17269 Dicksmith  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 3, 2000 by J.
17543 Sosva  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 14, 1993 by E.
17777 Ornicar  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 24, 1998 by the OCA-DLR Asteroid Survey at Caussols.
17776 Troska  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 22, 1998 by Petr Pravec at the Ondřejov Observatory.
17768 Tigerlily is a main belt asteroid that was found on March 3, 1998 by Takeshi Urata.
1774 Kulikov  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 22, 1968 by T.
17934 Deleon  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 12, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
17917 Cartan  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 15, 1999 by P.
1792 Reni  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 24, 1968 by L.
17951 Fenska  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 10, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
1836 Komarov  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 26, 1971 by N.
18617 Puntel  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 24, 1998 by M.
18623 Pises  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 27, 1998 by the Pisces Observatory at Pisces.
18796 Acosta  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 10, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
18789 Metzger  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 10, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
18946 Massar  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 24, 2000 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
18947 Cindyfulton  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 24, 2000 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
18948 Hinkle  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 24, 2000 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
1897 Hind  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 26, 1971 by Kohoutek, L.
18824 Graves  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 14, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
18805 Kellyday  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 12, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
18826 Leifer  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 14, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
18830 Pothier  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 14, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
18984 Olathe  is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 2, 2000 by L.
18862 Warot  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 9, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
"Thylacinus potens"  was one of the largest species from the family Thylacinidae, growing up to the size of a wolf.
19022 Penzel  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 26, 2000 by G.
19019 Sunflower  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 17, 2000 by L.
19023 Varela  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 24, 2000 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
19029 Briede  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 24, 2000 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
1906 Naef  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 05, 1972 by P.
1907 Rudneva  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 11, 1972 by N.
1908 Pobeda  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 11, 1972 by N.
1912 Anubis  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960 by Cornelis Johannes van Houten and Ingrid van Houten-Groeneveld at Leiden.
19182 Pitz  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 7, 1991 by L.
19433 Naftz  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.
19183 Amati  is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 5, 1991 by F.
Naoki Chiba  is a Japanese football player.
Daijiro Takakuwa  is a Japanese football player.
Toshiya Ishii  is a Japanese football player.
Toshiyuki Abe  is a former Japanese football player.
Yasushi Fukunaga  is a former Japanese football player.
Teruo Iwamoto  is a former Japanese football player.
A Web service is defined by the W3C as "a software system designed to support interoperable machine-to-machine interaction over a network".
Nobel Prize stubs.
Nobel Prize stubs.
Pricing is the creation of a price.
The pubic bone is one of the bones that make up the pelvis.
This Kingdom of Poland was a proposed puppet state of German Empire.
The Brown tree snake  is an arboreal colubrid snake the lives in parts of coastal Australia, Papua New Guinea, and islands in northwestern Melanesia.
The Mighty B! is a Nickelodeon television programme made by Erik Wiese, Cynthia True, and Amy Poehler.
Flagellation or Flogging is hitting the human body with a whip .
Decency is behaving as social norms say.
The history of Curitiba has many different periods.
Coimbra is a city in Portugal.
Corrientes is a city in Argentina.
The emerald ash borer  is a shiny green beetle native to Asia.
A ratite is a large, flightless bird, most of which are now extinct.
New Britain is the largest island in the Bismarck Archipelago  of Papua New Guinea.
Gosford is a city located on the Central Coast of New South Wales, Australia, approximately 80km north of the Sydney central business district.
Airlie Beach is a town in the Whitsunday Region of Queensland, Australia.
An agama is any one of the various small, long-tailed, insect-eating lizards of the genus "Agama".
Hurricane Luis was one of the most powerful storms of the very active 1995 Atlantic hurricane season.
Mossman is a town in north Queensland, Australia.
Satoshi Tsunami  is a former Japanese football player.
Ryuji Kawai  is a Japanese football player.
Kiyotaka Matsui  is a former Japanese football player.
Ryūji Bando  is a Japanese football player.
Yasutoshi Miura  is a former Japanese football player.
Wim Jansen  is a former Dutch football player.
Yuji Nakazawa  is a Japanese football player.
A.S.
A.S.D.
Cagliari Calcio is a football club which plays in Italy.
Hellas Verona F.C.
U.C.
Romana, short for Romanadvoratrelundar, is a fictional character in the British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
Rudolf II  was King of Hungary , King of Bohemia , Archduke of Austria , and Holy Roman Emperor .
Christine Anu  is an Australian pop singer and actress.
The Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation  is the national government body for scientific research in Australia.
Mission Beach is a small village along the Coral Sea in Queensland, Australia.
John Gould  was an English ornithologist .
Red-violet is a deep shade of magenta.
Philatelic materials are postage stamps, se-tenants, souvenir sheets, sheets of stamps, postal stationery, postal markings, and other indicia  that are objects of stamp collecting.
A postage meter is an mechanical device used to create and apply physical evidence of postage to mailed matter.
Kiloware is a term for packages of postage stamps sold to stamp collectors by weight rather than by quantity, often in kilograms, hence the name.
Candidiasis, often called yeast infection or thrush, is a type of infectious disease.
A Graphics Processing Unit  is a RISC processor whose task is the calculation of graphical output for monitors.
The 1970 Atlantic hurricane season was the period of time in 1970 that tropical cyclones formed in Atlantic Ocean.
The Orange Bowl Game is a American college football bowl game at the Dolphin Stadium.
Gary Karr , is an American classical double bass virtuoso and teacher.
The 1996 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1, 1996, and lasted until November 30, 1996.
Nilotic is a word that refers to a number of people who speak Nilotic languages.
Roman Patkoló  is a Slovak virtuoso double bass player.
Healesville Sanctuary, or the Sir Colin MacKenzie Fauna Park, is a zoo at Healesville in Victoria.
Tropical Storm Barry was a quickly forming tropical cyclone that made landfall on Florida in early June, 2007.
The 2009 Atlantic hurricane season will be the period of 2009 when tropical cyclones will likely form in the Atlantic Ocean.
Tropical Depression Seven was a weak tropical depression that formed near the northeast Florida coast.
Mark Donaldson is an Australian soldier who was given the Victoria Cross for Australia.
The Greater Curitiba is a metropolitan area of Curitiba, the largest city in Southern Brazil; its the 118th largest metropolitan area in the world.
Kero Kero Keroppi is a Japanese character of a frog.
Air Jordan is basketball shoes that is produced by Nike, Incorporated.
The West Ukrainian National Republic  was a short-lived republic that existed in late 1918 and early 1919 in eastern Galicia, that claimed parts of Bukovina and Carpathian Ruthenia and included the cities of Lviv, Peremyshl', Kolomyia, and Stanislaviv.
Lemko-Rusyn Republic or Ruska Narodna Respublika Lemkiv was founded in Florynka on December 5, 1918, in the aftermath of World War I, after the dissolution of the Austro-Hungarian Empire.
The Komancza Republic was an association of 30 Lemko villages, founded in eastern Lemkivshchyna in Komańcza on November 4, 1918.
Tatsuya Ishikawa  is a Japanese football player.
Go Oiwa  is a Japanese football player.
Adrian Ilie  is a former football player.
Takafumi Ogura  is a former Japanese football player.
Émerson Leão  is a former Brazilian football player.
Nobuhiro Takeda  is a former Japanese football player.
Valeri Nepomniachi  is a football manager.
The Ukrainian People's Republic , in order to distinguish it from communist People's Republics) was a republic in part of the territory of modern Ukraine after the Russian Revolution, eventually headed by Symon Petliura.
Galician Soviet Socialist Republic  existed from July 8, 1920 to September 21, 1920 during the Polish-Soviet War within the area of the South-Western front of the Red Army.
The Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria "official" ) was a kingdom dependent to the Habsburg Monarchy, the Austrian Empire and Austria-Hungary from 1772 to 1917; independent from July 26, 1917 to November 14, 1918.
The Republic of Central Lithuania or Middle Lithuania , or simply Central Lithuania , was a short-lived political entity which did not gain international recognition.
Eddie Thomson  is a former Scottish football player.
Tatsuya Masushima  is a Japanese football player.
Jozef Vengloš  is a former football player.
Adriano Leite Ribeiro  is a Brazilian football player.
The Polish Underground State  refers collectively to the underground resistance organizations in Poland during World War II, both military and civilian, loyal to the Polish Government in Exile in London.
Andrea Pirlo  is an Italian football player.
The Grand Duchy of Lithuania  was an Eastern and Central European state from the 12th /13th century until the 18th century.